Onslow County, NC | Official Website 

 Skip to Main Content 

 Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. &nbsp;&nbsp; 

 Website Sign In 

 Government 
 Services 
 Community 
 Business 
 I Want To… 

 Search 

 Jobs 

 Animal Services 

 Meetings 

 Sheriff's Office 

 Maps 

 Register of Deeds 

 Parks 

 Public Records

 ONSLOW COUNTY COMMON SERVICES
 Quickly Find What You Are Looking For

 Tax Office 

 Health Department 

 Social Services 

 Onslow County Museum 

 Planning & Development 

 Public Library 

 /QuickLinks.aspx

 LATEST NEWS
 Stay Up-To-Date With Onslow County

 Appeal My Revaluation 

If you disagree with your newly assessed value, there are multiple ways to be heard. The easiest way is to submit an appeal online for an informal review by the Tax Office. Open the Appeals Form.... 

 Congratulations to Deborah Wadleigh on Her Retirement 

She dedicated more than 36 years of service to the library. Her love for libraries began in high school as a temporary part-time Library Assistant at the Main Library Circulation Desk, where she saw the impact libraries have on people of all ages. Read on... 

 SEMPER FIDELIS: Onslow County Celebrates America 250 

The Onslow County Museum is pleased to announce the grand opening of its new changing exhibition, “SEMPER FIDELIS: Onslow County Celebrates America 250.” The exhibit will open to the public Saturday, February 28, with a family free day from 10AM-4PM. Read on... 

 Deputy County Manager Steve Eaton to Lead During Interim Search 

Mr. Eaton will carry out the day-to-day responsibilities of the County Manager and Clerk on an interim basis to ensure continuity of government operations and services while the Board of Commissioners searches for qualified candidates. Read on... 

 Onslow County Receives $1.6 Million Grant for Resiliency Study 

Onslow County, the City of Jacksonville, & Marine Corps Base Camp Lejeune are partnering on a new infrastructure resilience study aimed at strengthening essential services & supporting long-term readiness for both the military & the surrounding community. Read on... 

 Onslow County Adopts Stormwater Resolution 

The Onslow County Board of Commissioners unanimously adopted a resolution affirming the County’s commitment to protecting and improving water quality through responsible stormwater management. Read on... 

 Community Paramedics Expand Services 

Emergency Services implements an innovative dispatch method for calls. Under this new system, Community Paramedics will have greater flexibility to respond to calls that may not require an Emergency Medical Services unit with ambulance. Read on... 

 Hines Farm Park Playground Now Open 

The $780,000 project was made possible by a North Carolina Parks and Recreation Trust Fund 50/50 matching grant. The playground features a 3500 sq ft play area that offers fun for children of many ages and abilities. Watch it in action! 

 Visitor Spending Reaches Record Levels 

Visitors to Onslow County spent a record $415.26 million in 2024 according to a recent Visit North Carolina study. This demonstrates that the tourism industry continues to be a growing economic engine for the County, creating an estimated 2,464 jobs. Read on... 

 Bear Creek Fire Station Contract Approved 

New facility will relocate to provide better response times to the community and improved living space for 24/7 paid staff. The 13,980 square foot building is being built near Sand Ridge Elementary School and will be able to withstand 150 MPH winds. Read on... 

 OCSO Annual Report 2024-25 

The Onslow County Sheriff's Office is proud to announce that our Annual Report is now available for 2024-25. Read on... 

 Big Branch Bike Park Partially Reopened 

A portion of the phase 2 trail is available for riding while utility construction continues near the original trails. The temporary parking lot and entrance is located at the corner of Luther Midgett Dr and W. C. Jarman Dr in Burton Park. Read on... 

 Adopted FY26 Budget 

Click here to learn more about the adopted FY26 budget. Top priorities in this budget include a community resource hub, indoor recreation facility, increased communication, and comprehensive park improvements. View the Budget Book... 

 Onslow County Strategic Plan Now Available 

This plan address themes we heard from the community about improving access to amenities, planning for our future growth, preserving what makes us unique, and working to ensure residents are healthy and have opportunities to thrive. Additional Info... 

 See More Stories 

 /CivicAlerts.aspx

 UPCOMING EVENTS
 Stay Connected

 March 2026

Sun

Mon

Tue

Wed

Thu

Fri

Sat

 1 

 2 

 3 

 4 

 5 

 6 

 7 

 8 

 9 

 10 

 11 

 12 

 13 

 14 

 15 

 16 

 17 

 18 

 19 

 20 

 21 

 22 

 23 

 24 

 25 

 26 

 27 

 28 

 29 

 30 

 31 

 1 

 2 

 3 

 4 

 Mon, Mar. 16 

 Board of Commissioners Meeting 

 Board of Commissioners Meeting Read on... 

 Tue, Mar. 24 

 Board of Adjustment (Regularly Scheduled Meeting) 

 Board of Adjustment (Regularly Scheduled Meeting) Read on... 

 View Full Calendar 

 /Calendar.aspx

 We will ensure that Onslow County is a thriving&nbsp; community&nbsp; for all&nbsp; by delivering exceptional services with&nbsp; good governance and fiscal responsibility. 

 Contact Us

 Onslow County Government Center
 234 NW Corridor Boulevard
Jacksonville, NC 28540
 Phone: (910) 989-3000 
 Hours: Monday- Friday
8:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.
 Website Satisfaction Survey 

 Employee Links 

 County Email 

 Employee Self Service 

 Selerix 

 Intranet 

 ITS Help Desk 

 UKG Pro 

 Manager NeoGov Login 

 /QuickLinks.aspx

 Using This Site 

 Home 

 Site Map 

 Accessibility 

 Copyright Notices 

 Government Websites by CivicPlus® 

 Privacy Policy 

 /QuickLinks.aspx

 Government Websites by CivicPlus&reg; 

 Loading 

 Loading

 Do Not Show Again 
 Close 

 Arrow Left 

 Arrow Right 

 []

 Slideshow Left Arrow 

 Slideshow Right Arrow