Wetlands Protection and Restoration | US EPA 

 Skip to main content 

 An official website of the United States government

 Here’s how you know

 Here’s how you know 

 Official websites use .gov 
 
 A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States.

 Secure .gov websites use HTTPS 
 
 A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites.

 JavaScript appears to be disabled on this computer. Please click here to see any active alerts .

 Menu 

 Search 

 Search 

 Primary navigation 

 Environmental Topics
 
 Environmental Topics 
 Air 
 Bed Bugs 
 Chemicals, Toxics, and Pesticide 
 Emergency Response 
 Environmental Information by Location 
 Health 
 Land, Waste, and Cleanup 
 Lead 
 Mold 
 Radon 
 Research 
 Science Topics 
 Water Topics 
 A-Z Topic Index 

 Laws & Regulations
 
 Laws & Regulations 
 By Business Sector 
 By Topic 
 Compliance 
 Enforcement 
 Guidance 
 Laws and Executive Orders 
 Regulations 

 Report a Violation
 
 Report a Violation 
 Environmental Violations 
 Fraud, Waste or Abuse 

 About EPA
 
 About EPA 
 Our Mission and What We Do 
 Headquarters Offices 
 Regional Offices 
 Labs and Research Centers 
 Planning, Budget, and Results 
 Organization Chart 
 EPA History 

 Wetlands Protection and Restoration

 America's Wetlands

 Wetlands are areas where water covers soil all or part of the time.&nbsp;Wetlands are important because they protect and improve water quality, provide fish and wildlife habitats, store floodwaters and maintain surface water flow during dry periods.

 Notice of Funding Opportunity for States, Tribes, Territories, and Local Governments

 &nbsp;Wetland Program Development Grants (WPDGs) assist states, Tribes, territories, local governments, interstate agencies and intertribal consortia to develop or refine wetland programs which protect, manage, and restore wetlands. EPA Regions are now soliciting applications&nbsp; for Fiscal Years 2025-2026 WPDGs. Application due dates vary depending on the Region.

 Regional WPDGs 

 Five Star and Urban Waters Restoration Grants

 The Five Star and Urban Waters Restoration grant program seeks to develop nationwide community stewardship of local natural resources, preserving these resources for future generations and enhancing habitat for local wildlife. The 2025 Request for Proposals has been released, and full proposals are due by January 30, 2025 by 11:59 PM Eastern Time.
 Learn more and apply here. 

 1 2 3 

 America's Wetlands

 Wetlands are areas where water covers soil all or part of the time. Wetlands are important because they protect and improve water quality, provide fish and wildlife habitats, store floodwaters and maintain surface water flow during dry periods.

 Wetland Program Development Grants

 The EPA and other federal agencies have various sources of funding that can be used to support state, territory and Tribal programs.

 Wetland Program Development Grants (WPDGs) 

 How to Apply for EPA Grants 

 Learn more about other federal funding for wetlands. 

 Technical Assistance for Wetland Programs

 The EPA provides technical support for state, territory, and Tribal wetland programs.&nbsp;

 Core Elements Framework 

 Wetland Program Plans 

 About Wetlands

 What is a Wetland? 
 
 Types of Wetlands 

 What are the Functions of Wetland? 

 Connectivity of Streams and Wetlands to Downstream Waters: A Review and Synthesis of the Scientific Evidence (PDF) &nbsp;(2015)

 Monitoring and Assessment 
 
 Status and Trends of Wetlands in the U.S. 

 National Wetland Condition Assessment 
 
 National Aquatic Resource Surveys 

 Wetlands Materials for Students and Teachers 

 The Convention on Wetlands 

 Migratory Bird Initiatives 

 Regulations Affecting Wetlands 

 Wetland Restoration 
 
 Constructed Wetlands 

 Voluntary Wetland Restoration 

 Wetland Program Plans and Other Wetland Resources 

 Other Programs for Protecting Wetlands

 The protection of wetlands is supported by various Clean Water Act programs and the EPA's initiatives.

 Learn about the EPA's Programs Protecting Wetlands 

 Efforts for Wetlands Within the EPA Regions

 Find more on the EPA's efforts for wetlands protection and restoration through case studies from the EPA's 10 Regions.

 More on Efforts for Wetlands Within the EPA Regions 

 Press Releases 

 Read the latest updates on the EPA's technical and financial assistance to state, territory and Tribal wetlands programs.

 See more 

 Contact Us About Wetlands to ask a question, provide feedback, or report a problem.
 
 Last updated on February 4, 2026

 Assistance 

 Spanish 

 Arabic 

 Chinese (simplified) 

 Chinese (traditional) 

 French 

 Haitian Creole 

 Korean 

 Portuguese 

 Russian 

 Tagalog 

 Vietnamese 

 Discover.

 Accessibility Statement 

 EPA Administrator 

 Budget & Performance 

 Contracting 

 EPA www Web Snapshot 

 Grants 

 No FEAR Act Data 

 Plain Writing 

 Privacy and Security Notice 

 Connect.

 Data 

 Inspector General 

 Jobs 

 Newsroom 

 Regulations.gov 

 Subscribe 

 USA.gov 

 White House 

 Ask.

 Contact EPA 

 EPA Disclaimers 

 Hotlines 

 FOIA Requests 

 Frequent Questions 

 Site Feedback 

 Follow.