Iredell County, NC | Official Website Skip to Main Content Search Government Services Business Community How Do I... Notify Me® Sign up to receive email or text notifications Permits &amp; Licenses Permits, licenses, inspections, &amp; other legal documents Payments Make a payment online, by mail, or in person Maps GIS, directions, elections, property, &amp; specialty maps Employment Find career opportunities &amp; access Employee Self Service Public Records Requests Submit requests for public records here Alerts Get Emergency Alerts Notify Me&reg; View All /AlertCenter.aspx Iredell County Service Center What Can We Help You Find? Popular Links GIS/Mapping Animal Services & Control Staff Directory Permit Information & Applications County News Parks & Recreation /QuickLinks.aspx NC Photo ID Information March 3, 2026 Primary Election Absentee Voting Information Campaign Sign Information Election Results & Data Forms & Polling Locations Voter Search / Sample Ballots /QuickLinks.aspx Online Services Online Deeds Search Online Tax Services County Mapping Information Absentee Ballot Requests County Commissioners Meeting Portal Comments & Suggestions /QuickLinks.aspx Miscellaneous Frequently Asked Questions OnSolve (CodeRED) Alerts Boards & Committees County Budget Information Purchasing Division Bids & RFPs Video Tour of Iredell County /QuickLinks.aspx Stay Up To Date Latest County News News & Announcements EMS Deputy Director Robby Milton earns prestigious Chief EMS Officer designation With this achievement, Iredell County is now one of only two EMS agencies in the state to have two CEMSO-credentialed leaders on its staff. Read on... Kevin Aube named new County Fire Marshal Aube brings nearly two decades of fire service experience, advanced investigative credentials, and a proven record of leadership in fire prevention and emergency response. Read on... Four County EMS professionals earn leadership credentials Four members of Iredell County EMS have reached a significant professional milestone, graduating from the UNC Charlotte EMS Management Institute — one of the most respected leadership development programs in the emergency medical services field. Read on... Commissioner meeting location schedule Due to ongoing renovations at the Government Center, the Board of Commissioners meetings will be temporarily relocated to alternate facilities within the County. Read on... County Fire Marshal David Souther retires after decades of dedicated service After a distinguished career marked by leadership, integrity, and unwavering commitment to public safety, Iredell County Fire Marshal David Souther will retire at the end of this month. Read on... Erosion Control process to change for Mooresville Starting February 6, 2026, plans within Mooresville's town limits and Extraterritorial Jurisdiction (ETJ) must be submitted to the Town of Mooresville. Read on... Public Safety Alert: Carbon monoxide dangers increase during ice and snow-related power outages With weather forecasts calling for ice and snow that may disrupt electrical service to homes, public safety officials are urging residents to take precautions against carbon monoxide poisoning, a serious and potentially deadly risk during power outages. Read on... Iredell County receives fire service analysis outlining recommendations North Carolina Fire Chief Consulting presented the results of the 2025 Fire Protection Service Delivery System Analysis providing a detailed evaluation of the county’s current fire service structure and offers a strategic framework for improvements. Read on... Library announces bookmark contest for 250th anniversary celebration In anticipation of the commemoration of the 250th anniversary of the signing of the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 2026, the Iredell County Public Library invites the community to join in the celebration with our annual bookmark contest. Read on... New legislation streamlines access to birth certificates for adoptees Effective January 1, 2026, adopted individuals can now request their new birth certificates directly from their local Register of Deeds office. Read on... Laura Elmore named new Iredell County Extension Director She will begin her new role effective January 2, 2026. Read on... A calling to help Meet Dr. Nguyen Truong, Iredell County Health Department’s new dentist Read on... Public Library receives service innovation award for Book Box The award is given on behalf of the North Carolina Public Library Director’s Association (NCPLDA). Read on... Community paramedics in action The Community Paramedic Program goes beyond the traditional role of EMS by visiting homes, investigating root causes of health concerns, connecting residents to resources, and providing ongoing support. Read on... Honoring 50 years of service EMS celebrates 50 years of life-saving service and dedication during annual awards celebration. Read on... Creating a Paw-sitive Impact How Iredell County Animal Shelter inspires volunteerism for all ages. Read on... Iredell County Board of Commissioners adopts resolution supporting Senate Bill 248 Senate Bill 248 would grant local Register of Deeds offices the authority to issue certified copies or abstracts of new birth certificates for adopted individuals. Read on... Behind the Headset: The Calm in the Chaos During National Public Safety Telecommunicators Week, we take a moment and honor the unseen heroes — the 911 telecommunicators who are the calm in the chaos. Read on... Jennings Park grand reopening celebration Iredell County Parks & Recreation Department is excited to announce a grand reopening celebration for Jennings Park will be held on March 20, 2025, from 4-8 p.m. Read on... Being informed leads to lives saved What is OnSolve (CodeRED)? What type of alerts will I get? How is this different from HyperReach? Check out this list of frequently asked questions for the County's new emergency notifications platform. Read on... Board of Commissioners pass resolution supporting referendum regarding Board structure On December 5, 2023, the Iredell County Board of Commissioners passed a Resolution in Support of a Referendum to the Voters Regarding the Structure of the Board. The referendum will be on the March 5, 2024, ballot. Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Sheriff's Office News Checkpoint Stop Leads to Meth Arrest (Stanley) Read on... Woman with Fugitive Warrant Found Hiding in Pontoon Boat with Meth Read on... Ever wonder what deputies are doing at 2:45 a.m.? One church AC theft suspect just found out. Read on... Popcorn Treat for the COPS Unit Read on... Repeat Drug Offender Arrested After Troutman Search Warrant _ Ramsey Read on... Welcome, Deputy Stitt Read on... /CivicAlerts.aspx Mark Your Calendar County Calendar March 2026 S M T W T F S 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 1 2 3 4 Fri, Mar 13 Step Aerobics - Group Exercise Fri, Mar 13 Pick Up Pickleball Sat, Mar 14 Yoga - Group Exercise Class Sun, Mar 15 Pick Up Pickleball Mon, Mar 16 Step Aerobics - Group Exercise Mon, Mar 16 SilverSneakers - Group Exercise Class Mon, Mar 16 SilverSneakers Enerchi - Group Exercise Mon, Mar 16 Yoga - Group Exercise Class View All /Calendar.aspx Contact Us Iredell County Government Center P.O. Box 788 Statesville, NC 28687 Phone: 704-878-3000 Monday - Friday 8:00 AM - 5:00 PM Social Media Facebook Instagram YouTube Quick Links COVID-19 Information Board of Commissioners Meeting Videos Sheriff's Office Local Government Boards & Committees Budget Information Tax Information Bids / RFPs Americans with Disabilities Notice /QuickLinks.aspx Staff Directory Home Employee Access Site Map Accessibility Copyright Notices /QuickLinks.aspx Government Websites by CivicPlus&reg; Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow