Buncombe County, NC | Official Website Skip to Main Content Create a Website Account - Manage notification subscriptions, save form progress and more. &nbsp;&nbsp; Website Sign In Search I Want To... County Services Transparency County Center Events BCAlerts Connect With Us /QuickLinks.aspx One Book, One Buncombe Community Read Code Purple in Effect for March 12 cold-weather emergency shelter capacity increased Measles in Buncombe County Cases, symptoms, and how to stay healthy. Take the Child Care Survey Today Open through March 20 Paths Forward: Buncombe County Pedestrian Plan Survey closes March 20 2026 General Reappraisal is Underway Find out more at buncombenc.gov/MyValueBC 1 mountains background with a Happy Land book cover 2 thermometer in the snow with purple 3 Animated image of sick child with red dots all over body and a thermometer. 4 Children playing on the floor with toys 5 mountain background with Pedestrian Plan logo 6 photo of courthouse with pack square in foreground Helene Resources Access GIS Election Services Register of Deeds Measles Cases Tax Department County News &amp; Calendar Your starting point for news and media Latest News Apply Now for Soil & Water Scholarships for Students Deadlines are approaching for four conservation-re... Read on... Buncombe County Helene Resource Center to Move to By-Appointment Format, Close Coxe Avenue Location The One Buncombe Call Center Remains Open from 8 a... Read on... One Book, One Buncombe Presents: Happy Land by Dolen Perkins-Valdez Read on... View All News /CivicAlerts.aspx Upcoming Events Mar 13 Heating Bill Assistance: Applications Open for Eligible Households Election Services: Buncombe County Primary Canvass Watch the livestream or recording of this meeting on engage.buncombecounty.org/boardofelections Community Engagement Market @ Grove Street Community Center 12PM The Community Engagement Markets are open to the community and located throughout Buncombe County. The Community Engagement Markets are subject to change due to inclement weather and holidays. View All Events /Calendar.aspx Website & Employee Services About Site Services Directory Privacy & Disclaimer Site Index Employee Access Important Health Coverage Tax Documents /QuickLinks.aspx Follow Us on Social Media I Want To... Apply For Bid On Contact Know More About Report Search Subscribe View /QuickLinks.aspx Let&#39;s Talk Let&apos;s Talk is a platform that allows you to have an open line of communication with Buncombe County and helps us connect you to County-based resources. Government Websites by CivicPlus&reg; Loading Loading Do Not Show Again Close Arrow Left Arrow Right [] Slideshow Left Arrow Slideshow Right Arrow