Radon | US EPA Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. JavaScript appears to be disabled on this computer. Please click here to see any active alerts . Menu Search Search Primary navigation Environmental Topics Environmental Topics Air Bed Bugs Chemicals, Toxics, and Pesticide Emergency Response Environmental Information by Location Health Land, Waste, and Cleanup Lead Mold Radon Research Science Topics Water Topics A-Z Topic Index Laws &amp; Regulations Laws &amp; Regulations By Business Sector By Topic Compliance Enforcement Guidance Laws and Executive Orders Regulations Report a Violation Report a Violation Environmental Violations Fraud, Waste or Abuse About EPA About EPA Our Mission and What We Do Headquarters Offices Regional Offices Labs and Research Centers Planning, Budget, and Results Organization Chart EPA History Radon January is National Radon Action Month Radon is invisible - you can't see or smell it, but it can be deadly. Take action against the second leading cause of lung cancer. Test your nest today! &nbsp; Find a radon test kit Meet the Clean Air Superheroes! Join Mateo and his friends as they learn about radon indoors and become superheroes defeating it in their homes.&nbsp; Follow along through fun, comic-book style illustrations and complete interactive activities. Join the adventure 1 2 Radon is a naturally occurring radioactive gas that can cause lung cancer. You can’t see or smell radon. Testing is the only way to know your level of exposure. Radon can have a big impact on your health and indoor air quality.&nbsp;&nbsp;All homes should be tested for radon. Radon Risks and Solutions​ Learn how you can reduce your&nbsp;risk and exposure to radon.​ Protect your family​ National Radon Action Plan Read about the national&nbsp;multisector strategies to&nbsp;prevent exposure to radon. Help advance NRAP goals Standards of Practice Review technical standards for&nbsp;radon professionals.&nbsp; Learn about current standards​ Frequently Asked Questions​ Search most&nbsp;common questions&nbsp;or send a question to our&nbsp;customer care&nbsp;team.​ Find answers State and Tribal Indoor Radon Grants​ Access resources on the EPA’s&nbsp;State and Tribal Indoor Radon&nbsp;Grants (SIRG) program.​ Review SIRG resources​ Radon Outreach and Media​ Stay informed and help&nbsp;communicate strategies to reduce&nbsp;radon risk.​ Discover radon resources​ EPA Regional and State Contacts Find out which radon zone you live in and connect with Regional, State and Tribal Radon Programs for more local information. ​ Stay Informed! Subscribe to Radon and Indoor Air Quality email updates . Contact Us about Radon to ask a question, provide feedback, or report a problem. Last updated on January 8, 2026 Assistance Spanish Arabic Chinese (simplified) Chinese (traditional) French Haitian Creole Korean Portuguese Russian Tagalog Vietnamese Discover. Accessibility Statement EPA Administrator Budget &amp; Performance Contracting EPA www Web Snapshot Grants No FEAR Act Data Plain Writing Privacy and Security Notice Connect. Data Inspector General Jobs Newsroom Regulations.gov Subscribe USA.gov White House Ask. Contact EPA EPA Disclaimers Hotlines FOIA Requests Frequent Questions Site Feedback Follow.