Housing Data - Zillow Research 

 Have questions about buying, selling or renting during COVID-19? 
 Learn more 

 Skip main navigation 
 Sign in
 
 Join 
 
 Homepage 
 Buy Open Buy sub-menu Homes for sale
 Homes for sale 
 Foreclosures 
 For sale by owner 
 Open houses 
 
 New construction 
 Coming soon 
 Recent home sales 
 All homes 

 Resources
 Home Buying Guide 
 Foreclosure center 
 Real estate app 
 Down payment assistance 

 Rent Open Rent sub-menu Rental listings
 Search apartments for rent 
 Search houses for rent 
 Search all rental listings 
 Browse all rental buildings 

 Tools for renters
 Estimate what you can afford 
 See your applications 
 Manage your tours 
 Pay your rent 
 
 Build your credit 
 Get renters insurance 
 Explore housing voucher programs 
 Learn more about renting 

 Sell Open Sell sub-menu Resources
 Explore your options 
 See your home's Zestimate 
 US housing market 
 Sellers guide 

 Selling options
 Find a seller's agent 
 Post For Sale by Owner 

 Get a mortgage Open Get a mortgage sub-menu Started a loan application?
 Pick up where you left off on your Zillow Home Loans dashboard.
 Home loans dashboard 

 Your mortgage
 Discover Zillow Home Loans 
 Calculate your BuyAbility 
 Get pre-qualified 

 Mortgage tools
 Estimate your mortgage payment 
 See current mortgage rates 
 Learn about financing a home 

 Find an agent Open Find an agent sub-menu Looking for pros?
 Real estate agents 
 Property managers 
 
 Home builders 
 Real estate photographers 

 I'm a pro
 Agent solutions 
 Agent advertising 
 Agent resource center 
 Create a free agent account 
 
 Real estate business plan 
 Real estate agent scripts 
 Listing flyer templates 

 Manage rentals Open Manage rentals sub-menu Management tasks
 List your property for rent 
 View your properties 
 Read your messages 

 Tools for rental managers
 Check your property's rental value 
 Screen renters with applications 
 Create and manage leases 
 Collect rent 
 
 Learn about renting out your property 
 Search help center 
 Explore Zillow Rental Manager 

 Advertise 
 Get help 
 Sign in
 
 Join 

 Search 

 subnav-close 

 Zillow Research 

 Data 
 
 Housing Data 

 Zillow Transaction and Assessment Dataset (ZTRAX) 

 Market Explorer 

 Renters 

 Affordability 

 Climate Risk 

 Policy & Industry 
 
 Fair Housing 

 Dashboards 

 Exclusives 
 
 Latest 

 Market Trends 

 Visuals 

 Market Reports 

 Housing Trends Report 

 Homelessness 

 Menu 

 subnav-close 

 Search 

 subnav-close 

 Zillow Research 

 Zillow Research 

 Down 

 Data 

 Down 

 Housing Data 

 Down 

 Zillow Transaction and Assessment Dataset (ZTRAX) 

 Down 

 Market Explorer 

 Down 

 Renters 

 Down 

 Affordability 

 Down 

 Climate Risk 

 Down 

 Policy & Industry 

 Down 

 Fair Housing 

 Down 

 Dashboards 

 Down 

 Exclusives 

 Down 

 Latest 

 Down 

 Market Trends 

 Down 

 Visuals 

 Down 

 Market Reports 

 Down 

 Housing Trends Report 

 Down 

 Homelessness 

 Down 

 Back 

 Return to Zillow.com 

 Search 

 Housing Data 

 Note: We make occasional changes to CSV download paths and data is updated on the 16th of each month. To explore the data, please visit our market explorer dashboard . 

 HOME VALUES 

 Zillow Home Value Index (ZHVI): A measure of the typical home value and market changes across a given region and housing type. It reflects the typical value for homes in the 35th to 65th percentile range. Available as a smoothed, seasonally adjusted measure and as a raw measure.

 Zillow publishes top-tier ZHVI ($, typical value for homes within the 65th to 95th percentile range for a given region) and bottom-tier ZHVI ($, typical value for homes within the 5th to 35th percentile range for a given region).

 Zillow also publishes ZHVI for all single-family residences ($, typical value for all single-family homes in a given region), for condo/coops ($), for all homes with 1, 2, 3, 4 and 5+ bedrooms ($).

 Note: Starting with the January 2023 data release, and for all subsequent releases, the full ZHVI time series has been upgraded to harness the power of the neural Zestimate .

 More information about what ZHVI is and how it’s calculated is available on this overview page . Here’s a handy ZHVI User Guide for information about properly citing and making calculations with this metric.

 Mortgage Payment : An estimate of the monthly mortgage payment on a new home purchase with the average interest rate of that month. The home value is estimated using smoothed and seasonally adjusted ZHVI. If the down payment is less than 20%, the monthly mortgage payment includes 1% mortgage insurance. 

 Total Monthly Payment : An estimate of the total monthly payment on a new home purchase with current interest rates. The total monthly payment includes the mortgage payment, homeowner’s insurance, property taxes, and maintenance costs worth 0.5% of the home’s value. The home value is estimated using smoothed and seasonally adjusted ZHVI. If the down payment is less than 20%, the monthly mortgage payment includes 1% mortgage insurance. Homeowners insurance rates and property tax rate estimates vary by region. 

 Data Type 
 
 ZHVI All Homes (SFR, Condo/Co-op) Time Series, Smoothed, Seasonally Adjusted($) 
 ZHVI All Homes (SFR, Condo/Co-op) Time Series, Raw, Mid-Tier ($) 
 ZHVI All Homes- Top Tier Time Series ($) 
 ZHVI All Homes- Bottom Tier Time Series ($) 
 ZHVI Single-Family Homes Time Series ($) 
 ZHVI Condo/Co-op Time Series ($) 
 ZHVI 1-Bedroom Time Series ($) 
 ZHVI 2-Bedroom Time Series ($) 
 ZHVI 3-Bedroom Time Series ($) 
 ZHVI 4-Bedroom Time Series ($) 
 ZHVI 5+ Bedroom Time Series ($) 
 Mortgage Payment: 20% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 Mortgage Payment: 10% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 Mortgage Payment: 5% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 Total Monthly Payment: 20% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 Total Monthly Payment: 10% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 Total Monthly Payment: 5% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 

 Geography 
 
 Metro & U.S. 
 State 
 County 
 City 
 ZIP Code 
 Neighborhood 

 Download

 HOME VALUES FORECASTS 

 Zillow Home Value Forecast (ZHVF): A month-ahead, quarter-ahead and year-ahead forecast of the Zillow Home Value Index (ZHVI). ZHVF is created using the all homes, mid-tier cut of ZHVI and is available both raw and smoothed, seasonally adjusted.

 Note: Starting with the January 2023 forecast (made available in February 2023), Zillow’s Home Value Forecast is based on the upgraded ZHVI that harnesses the power of the neural Zestimate . More information about what ZHVI is and how it’s calculated is available on this overview page .

 Data Type 
 
 ZHVF (Forecast), All Homes (SFR, Condo/Co-op), Smoothed, Seasonally Adjusted, Mid-Tier (MoM%, QoQ%, YoY%) 
 ZHVF (Forecast), All Homes (SFR, Condo/Co-op), Raw, Mid-Tier (MoM%, QoQ%, YoY%) 

 Geography 
 
 Metro & U.S. 
 ZIP Code 

 Download

 RENTALS 

 Zillow Observed Rent Index (ZORI) : A smoothed measure of the typical observed market rate rent across a given region. ZORI is a repeat-rent index that is weighted to the rental housing stock to ensure representativeness across the entire market, not just those homes currently listed for-rent. The index is dollar-denominated by computing the mean of listed rents that fall into the 35th to 65th percentile range for all homes and apartments in a given region, which is weighted to reflect the rental housing stock. 

 ZORI is created for three different categories: All homes, Single Family Residences, and Multi-Family Residences. For more detailed information, you can refer to the ZORI methodology. 

 Zillow Observed Renter Demand Index (ZORDI) : A measure of the typical observed rental market engagement across a region. ZORDI tracks engagement on Zillow’s rental listings to proxy changes in rental demand. The metric is smoothed to remove volatility. 

 ZORDI is created for different categories including All homes, Single Family Residences, Condo and Multi-Family Residences at national and MSA levels.

 Data Type 
 
 ZORI (Smoothed): All Homes Plus Multifamily Time Series ($) 
 ZORI (Smoothed, Seasonally Adjusted): All Homes Plus Multifamily Time Series ($) 
 ZORI (Smoothed): Single Family Residence Time Series ($) 
 ZORI (Smoothed, Seasonally Adjusted): Single Family Residence Time Series ($) 
 ZORI (Smoothed): Multi Family Residence Time Series ($) 
 ZORI (Smoothed, Seasonally Adjusted): Multi Family Residence Time Series ($) 
 ZORDI: All Homes Plus Multifamily Time Series 
 ZORDI: Single Family Residence Time Series 
 ZORDI: Condo/Co-op Time Series 
 ZORDI: Multifamily Residence Time Series 

 Geography 
 
 Metro & U.S. 
 ZIP Codes 
 County 
 City 

 Download

 RENTAL FORECASTS 

 Zillow Observed Rent Forecast (ZORF): A month-ahead, quarter-ahead and year-ahead forecast of the Zillow Observed Rent Index (ZORI). 

 Data Type 
 
 ZORF, (Single Family Residence, Smoothed) 
 ZORF, (Multi Family Residence, Smoothed) 

 Geography 
 
 U.S. 

 Download

 FOR-SALE LISTINGS 

 For-Sale Inventory : The count of unique listings that were active at any time in a given month.

 New Listings:  I ndicates how many new listings have come on the market in a given month. 

 Newly Pending Listings : The count of listings that changed from for-sale to pending status on  Zillow.com  in a given time period.

 Median List Price: The median price at which homes across various geographies were listed.

 Note: “Weekly” means you can see the metric’s value on a weekly cadence. The CSVs are updated monthly.

 Data Type 
 
 For-Sale Inventory (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 For-Sale Inventory (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 For-Sale Inventory (Smooth, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 For-Sale Inventory (Smooth, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 For-Sale Inventory (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 For-Sale Inventory (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 For-Sale Inventory (Raw, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 For-Sale Inventory (Raw, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 New Listings (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 New Listings (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 New Listings (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 New Listings (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Newly Pending Listings (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Newly Pending Listings (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Newly Pending Listings (Smoothed, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Newly Pending Listings (Smoothed, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median List Price (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median List Price (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median List Price (Smooth, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Median List Price (Smooth, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Median List Price (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median List Price (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median List Price (Raw, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Median List Price (Raw, SFR Only, Weekly) 

 Geography 
 
 Metro & U.S. 

 Download

 SALES 

 Sales count (nowcast):  The estimated number of unique properties that sold during the month. For sales count nowcast, the latest month’s number is the estimation after accounting for the latency between when sales occur and when they are reported. Available only for the raw cut for all homes.

 Sale Price (median/mean): The price at which homes across various geographies were sold. The latest month’s number is the estimation after accounting for the latency between when sales occur and when they are reported. Available only for the raw cut for all homes. 

 Total Transaction Value: The total dollar value of all homes sold in a given period (mean sale price x sales count). The latest month’s number is the estimation after accounting for the latency between when sales occur and when they are reported. Available only for the raw cut for all homes. 

 Sale-to-List Ratio (mean/median): Ratio of sale vs. final list price.

 Percent of Sales Below/Above List: Share of sales where sale price below/above the final list price; excludes homes sold for exactly the list price.

 Note: “Weekly” means the metric’s value shows weekly details; CSVs are updated monthly. The Sales Count Nowcast, Sale Price, and Total Transaction Value are produced at the end of the second week. Data is published on the 16th of the month. (Example: On July 16th, we will estimate the June numbers.  We do this due to sales data latency). 

 Data Type 
 
 Sales Count (Nowcast, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Sales Count (Raw, SFR only, Monthly) 
 Sales Count (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Sales Count (Smooth, SFR only, Weekly) 
 Median Sale Price (Nowcast, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Sale Price (Raw, SFR only, Monthly) 
 Median Sale Price (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Sale Price (Smooth, SFR only, Weekly) 
 Mean Sale-to-List Ratio (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Sale-to-List Ratio (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Sale-to-List Ratio (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Mean Sale-to-List Ratio (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Sale-to-List Ratio (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Sale-to-List Ratio (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Sale-to-List Ratio (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Sale-to-List Ratio (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Percent of Homes Sold Above List (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Percent of Homes Sold Above List (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Percent of Homes Sold Above List (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Percent of Homes Sold Above List (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Percent of Homes Sold Below List (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Percent of Homes Sold Below List (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Percent of Homes Sold Below List (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Percent of Homes Sold Below List (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Mean Sale Price (Nowcast, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Sale Price (Smooth & Seasonally Adjusted, SFR only, Monthly) 
 Mean Sale Price (Raw, SFR only, Monthly) 
 Mean Sale Price (Smooth & Seasonally Adjusted, SFR only, Weekly) 
 Mean Sale Price (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Mean Sale Price (Smooth, SFR only, Weekly) 
 Total Transaction Value (Nowcast, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Total Transaction Value (Raw, SFR only, Monthly) 
 Total Transaction Value (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Total Transaction Value (Smooth, SFR only, Weekly) 

 Geography 
 
 Metro & U.S. 

 Download

 DAYS ON MARKET AND PRICE CUTS 

 Days to Pending : How long it takes homes in a region to change to pending status on  Zillow.com after first being shown as for sale. The reported figure indicates the number of days (mean or median) that it took for homes that went pending during the week being reported, to go pending. This differs from the old “Days on Zillow” metric in that it excludes the in-contract period before a home sells.

 Days to Close (mean/median) : Number of days between the listing going pending and the sale date.

 Share of Listings With a Price Cut: The number of unique properties with a list price at the end of the month that’s less than the list price at the beginning of the month, divided by the number of unique properties with an active listing at some point during the month.

 Price Cuts: The mean and median price cut for listings in a given region during a given time period, expressed as both dollars ($) and as a percentage (%) of list price.

 Note: “Weekly” means you can see the metric’s value on a weekly cadence. The CSVs are updated monthly.

 Data Type 
 
 Mean Days to Pending (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Days to Pending (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Mean Days to Pending (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Days to Pending (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Days to Pending (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Days to Pending (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Days to Pending (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Days to Pending (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Mean Days to Close (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Days to Close (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Days to Close (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Mean Days to Close (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Days to Close (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Days to Close (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Days to Close (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Days to Close (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Share of Listings With a Price Cut (Smooth, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Share of Listings With a Price Cut (Smooth, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Share of Listings With a Price Cut (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Share of Listings With a Price Cut (Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Share of Listings With a Price Cut (Smooth, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Share of Listings With a Price Cut (Smooth, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Share of Listings With a Price Cut (Raw, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Share of Listings With a Price Cut (Raw, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Mean Price Cut ($, Raw, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Mean Price Cut ($, Raw, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Mean Price Cut ($, Smoothed, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Mean Price Cut ($, Smoothed, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Mean Price Cut ($, Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Price Cut ($, Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Mean Price Cut ($, Smoothed, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Price Cut ($, Smoothed, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Mean Price Cut (%, Raw, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Mean Price Cut (%, Raw, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Mean Price Cut (%, Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Price Cut (%, Raw, All Homes, Weeky) 
 Mean Price Cut (%, Smoothed, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Mean Price Cut (%, Smoothed, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Price Cut ($, Raw, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Median Price Cut ($, Raw, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Median Price Cut ($, Smoothed, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Median Price Cut ($, Smoothed, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Median Price Cut ($, Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Price Cut ($, Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Price Cut ($, Smoothed, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Price Cut ($, Smoothed, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Price Cut (%, Raw, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Median Price Cut (%, Raw, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Median Price Cut (%, Smoothed, SFR Only, Monthly) 
 Median Price Cut (%, Smoothed, SFR Only, Weekly) 
 Median Price Cut (%, Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Price Cut (%, Raw, All Homes, Weekly) 
 Median Price Cut (%, Smoothed, All Homes, Monthly) 
 Median Price Cut (%, Smoothed, All Homes, Weekly) 

 Geography 
 
 Metro & U.S. 

 Download

 MARKET HEAT INDEX 

 The market heat index is a time series dataset that aims to capture the balance of for-sale supply and demand in a given market. A higher number means the market is more tilted in favor of sellers. It relies on a combination of engagement and listing performance inputs to provide insights into current market dynamics. It is calculated for single-family and condo homes. For more information, see methodology . 

 Data Type 
 
 Market Heat Index (All Homes, Monthly) 

 Geography 
 
 Metro & US 

 Download

 NEW CONSTRUCTION 

 New Construction Sales Count: The number of unique new construction homes that sold during the month. Available for the raw cut of single family residence and condo. 

 New Construction Median/Mean Sale Price: The median/mean sale price at which new construction homes across various geographies were sold during the month. 

 New Construction Median Sale Price Per Sqft: The median sale price divided by square footage calculated over all new construction homes across various geographies were sold during the month. 

 Currently, new construction sales metrics are available at a monthly cadence. 

 Note: starting from Aug 2025, the definition of new construction sales has been updated to include homes at all stages. 

 Data Type 
 
 New Construction Sales Count (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 New Construction Median Sale Price (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 New Construction Median Sale Price Per Square Foot (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 
 New Construction Mean Sale Price (Raw, All Homes, Monthly) 

 Geography 
 
 Metro & U.S. 

 Download

 AFFORDABILITY 

 New Homeowner Income Needed: An estimate of the annual household income required to spend less than 30% of monthly income on the total monthly payment after newly purchasing the typical home with a 20% down payment. 

 New Renter Income Needed: An estimate of the household income required to spend less than 30% of monthly income to newly lease the typical rental. 

 Affordable Home Price: An estimate of the home price such that the total monthly payment on such a home would not exceed 30% of the median household’s monthly income with a 20% down payment. 

 Years to Save : A measure of the number of years it would take the median household to save for a 20% down payment on a home, assuming they are able to save 10% of their income into a simple savings account accruing no interest. This is equivalent to the number of years it would take the median household to save for a 10% down payment, assuming a 5% savings rate. 

 New Homeowner Affordability: A measure of the share of income the median household would spend on a newly purchased home, including its mortgage payment, homeowner’s insurance, property taxes, and maintenance costs. Typically, spending more than 30% of income on housing is considered unaffordable. 

 New Renter Affordability: A measure of the share of income the median household would spend to newly lease the typical rental. Typically, spending more than 30% of income on housing is considered unaffordable. 

 &nbsp;

 Data Type 
 
 New Homeowner Income Needed: 20% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 New Renter Income Needed: All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 Affordable Home Price: 20% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 Years to Save: 20% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 New Homeowner Affordability: 20% down, All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 
 New Renter Affordability: All Homes, Smoothed & Seasonally Adjusted Time Series 

 Geography 
 
 Metro & US 

 Download

 DEFINITIONS OF HOME TYPES 

 All Homes: Zillow defines all homes as single-family, condominium and co-operative homes with a county record. Unless specified, all series cover this segment of the housing stock. 

 Condo/Co-op: Condominium and co-operative homes. 

 Multifamily 5+ units: Units in buildings with 5 or more housing units, that are not condominiums or co-ops. 

 Duplex/Triplex/Quadplex: Housing units in buildings with 2,3 or 4 housing units. 

 &nbsp;

 To explore the data, please visit our market explorer dashboard .

 Featured

 January 2026 Housing Starts: Sluggish Single-family Construction To Begin The Year As Inventory Rises 

 Number of ‘Accidental Landlords’ Rises to Three-Year High 

 February 2026 Jobs Report: Payrolls Fell, Reinforcing “Cooling” Narrative. Labor market weakness remains a downside risk for housing activity in 2026 

 Zillow: CPI Shelter Forecast, February 2026 

 Mortgage Rates Rise on Oil Shock 

 Recent

 Zillow’s February Market Report Points to Spring Rebound 

 Mortgage Rates are Improving Faster than Early Forecasts Expected in 2026 

 $30,000 Buying Power Boost Can Be the Difference Between Settling and Choosing for Home Buyers 

 December 2025 Housing Starts: Builders Leaned Further Towards Higher Density As Single-Family Construction Fell in 2025. 

 Zillow Home Value and Home Sales Forecast (February 2026) 

 Stay informed. Stay ahead.

 Access exclusive data drops, market trends and expert insights. Subscribe now to receive Zillow Research updates!

 Email * 

 Please enter a valid email address.

 By pressing “Subscribe” you agree to receive email communications from Zillow at the email address you used to access this page. You also agree to Zillow’s Terms of Use and Privacy Policy .

 Success, you’re signed up!

 About us 

 About 
 Zestimates 
 News 
 Research 
 Careers 
 Applicant Privacy Notice 
 Help 
 Advertise 
 Fair Housing Guide 
 Advocacy 
 Terms of use 
 Privacy Notice 
 Ad Choices 
 Cookie Preference 
 Learn 
 AI 
 Mobile Apps 
 Trulia 
 StreetEasy 
 HotPads 
 Out East 
 Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information → 
 
 Zillow Group is committed to ensuring digital accessibility for individuals with disabilities. We are continuously working to improve the accessibility of our web experience for everyone, and we welcome feedback and accommodation requests. If you wish to report an issue or seek an accommodation, please let us know .

 Affiliated Business Arrangement Disclosure 
Zillow, Inc. holds real estate brokerage licenses in multiple states. Zillow (Canada), Inc. holds real estate brokerage licenses in multiple provinces.
All mortgage lending products and information provided by Zillow Home Loans, LLC, NMLS #10287. NMLS Consumer Access 
Licensed Mortgage Banker, N.Y.S. Department of Financial Services
2600 Michelson Drive, Suite 1201, Irvine, CA 92612 | Equal Housing Lender | Licensing Information 
 § 442-H New York Standard Operating Procedures 
 § New York Fair Housing Notice 
TREC: Information about brokerage services , Consumer protection notice 
California DRE #1522444 Contact Zillow, Inc. Brokerage 

 For listings in Canada, the trademarks REALTOR®, REALTORS®, and the REALTOR® logo are controlled by The Canadian Real Estate Association (CREA) and identify real estate professionals who are members of CREA. The trademarks MLS®, Multiple Listing Service® and the associated logos are owned by CREA and identify the quality of services provided by real estate professionals who are members of CREA. Used under license.

 Follow us: Visit us on facebook Visit us on instagram Visit us on tiktok 

 © 2006 to 2026 Zillow © 2006-2026 Zillow Equal Housing Opportunity