RaleighNC.gov | Raleighnc.gov Skip to main content Menu Main navigation Home News Events Services Projects Departments Secondary Service categories Ask Raleigh - Fix, Report, Request Apps, Maps, and Open Data Arts Careers, Jobs, and Volunteering Climate Action and Sustainability Community Doing Business Education and Learning Emergency Communications - 911 Engage with the City Fire Government Grants, Funding, and Relief Housing Landfill and Reuse Make Payments Parking Parks and Recreation Permits Planning Police Social Advancement Resources Stormwater Transportation Water and Sewer Youth Places Staff Directory Main navigation Home News Events Services Projects Departments Search Search Translate Welcome to Raleigh! City of Oaks See Your City at Work Online Services &nbsp; All online services Alerts Ask Raleigh - Fix, Report, Request Find a Park Payment Make Payments: Water, Parking, Licenses, Others Permit and Development Portal Help Center Utilities Customer Service Find Your Services Use this tool to find your Council member, district, services, and schedules for any address within Raleigh. Services &nbsp; All services From paying a bill to finding a job, SELECT A POPULAR SERVICE below or choose "All Services" to browse the full list. Skip popular services Affordable Rental Housing (for renters) Housing All About Raleigh’s Greenways Parks and Recreation Aquatics Parks and Recreation Bus Routes and Schedules Transportation Careers and Jobs Careers, Jobs, and Volunteering Find Parking Downtown Parking Find a Program or Class Parks and Recreation New Residents Information Engage With the City Register on RecLink Parks and Recreation Report a Crime or Tip Police Ready Raleigh Guide - Emergency Preparedness Fire Recycling for Residents Landfill and Reuse Raleigh Reuse Web Tool and Mobile App Landfill and Reuse Standard Detail Drawings Permits Unified Development Ordinance (UDO) Planning Ways to Participate in City Government Engage With the City Your City, Answered Engage With the City Raleigh Summer Youth Employment Careers, Jobs, and Volunteering News &nbsp; All news Articles are constantly updated to make sure you don’t miss a thing. Skip news March 11, 2026 Mayor Cowell to Deliver State of the City Address on March 18 The speech is an opportunity to share long-term goals and highlight accomplishments. Your City, Your Inbox Mar 6, 2026 Raleigh Police Looking for Candidates for June Police School Feb 27, 2026 Raleigh Parks from Bond to Beyond Feb 19, 2026 ‘Battle of the Badges’ Hockey Is Back! Mar 10, 2026 Celebrate Regional Creek Week! Feb 23, 2026 Apply Now! Raleigh Summer Youth Employment Program Jan 21, 2026 Improvements Are Coming to Walnut Creek Wetland Park Mar 4, 2026 Alert Scam Alert: Stay Safe from Phishing Emails Mar 5, 2026 Gifts of Gold Reception Set for March 12 Mar 3, 2026 Upcoming Events &nbsp; All events From Parks festivals to City Council meetings, all city happenings are here. Skip upcoming events Mar 7 Lake Johnson Trash Trap Naming Contest Mar 7–21 • Saturday–Saturday Mar 12 Gifts of Gold | Student Exhibition 1:30 p.m. • Thursday The Chapel at Dix Park Mar 14 Mugs and Markers! Storm Drain Marking Pop Up 10 a.m. • Saturday Willow House Coffee Mar 14 Family Fun Day Space! 11 a.m. • Saturday City of Raleigh Museum Mar 14 Rain Garden &amp; Rain Barrel Workshop 1 p.m. • Saturday City of Raleigh Stormwater Management Mar 15 Women&#039;s History Trolley Tour 1 p.m. • Sunday Mordecai Historic Park Projects Around the City &nbsp; All projects Learn more about all of the work happening around the city. Skip projects around the city Community East Civic Tower - City Hall Updated: Jan 9, 2026 Community Former DMV Site Updated: Mar 10, 2026 Transportation Bus Rapid Transit (BRT) Projects Updated: Feb 12, 2026 Planning Equitable Development Around Transit Updated: Apr 28, 2025 City Council &nbsp; Find out more about City Council, and make your voice heard. About Council City Council Agendas, Minutes, and Presentations Public Comment Public Hearings Watch City Council Live Boards and Commissions Visit the Mayor&#039;s Corner A broad look at the Mayor's policy priorities.&nbsp; Skip City Council Janet Cowell Mayor Stormie D. Forte At-Large Jonathan Lambert-Melton At-Large Mitchell Silver District A Megan Patton District B Corey Branch District C Jane Harrison District D, Mayor Pro Tem Christina Jones District E WalletHub names Raleigh Second Best Metro Area to Work for a Small Business See our accolades Accessibility Careers and Jobs Employee Access Media Kit Privacy and Legal Notices Staff Directory Frequently Called Numbers City of Raleigh/s social media accounts Twitter YouTube Facebook Instagram SEE ALL SOCIAL MEDIA Scroll to top