NC Dept. of Environmental Quality Skip to main content FRAUD ALERT Be aware of multiple fraudulent text scams requesting payment for NCDMV fees, fines or tolls. NCDMV will NEVER request payment by text. Please report it as spam and delete. Learn More An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy . Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Utility Menu NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS SERVICES Main menu Divisions Divisions Air Quality Coastal Management Energy, Mineral, and Land Resources Environmental Assistance and Customer Service Environmental Education and Public Affairs Marine Fisheries Mitigation Services Waste Management Water Infrastructure Water Resources AccessDEQ AccessDEQ Permitting Transformation Program Express Permitting DEQ Forms Permit Assistance and Guidance Rules &amp; Regulations Requesting Public Records Enforcement State Environmental Policy Act (SEPA) Environmental Application Tracker Title VI Compliance FAQs and How-To&#039;s Outreach &amp; Education Outreach &amp; Education Community Engagement N.C. Environmental Education Educator Resources Recognition Programs Public Involvement Programs Training Recreation Research Conservation DEQ Sustainability Energy &amp; Climate Energy &amp; Climate Oil and Gas Program State Energy Office State Resilience Office Climate Change Flood Resiliency Blueprint National Oil and Gas Leasing Plan and Seismic Testing Offshore Wind Development News News Press Releases Public Information Contacts Public Notices &amp; Comment Periods Events Grants Federal Investments in Clean Energy, Climate, and Water Infrastructure Key Issues Environmentally Speaking Blog Legislative Reports DEQ Dashboard About About Our Mission Leadership Boards and Commissions Divisions Green Square Contact Work at DEQ DEQ en Español Utility Menu NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS SERVICES Search Homepage Helene Recovery Find recovery resources, guidance and post-storm data. Introducing AccessDEQ AccessDEQ is a digital hub where you’ll find online access to permits, rules, and data. Apply online for a permit, search for public records, or explore GIS data tools. Learn more about AccessDEQ. Work for DEQ DEQ is looking for top talent to share their knowledge, skills, and commitment to a strong, safe environment for our state and beyond. Find your career! Funding Opportunities Learn about all of DEQ&#039;s available grant and loan funding opportunities for a variety of environmental projects. Energy and Climate Learn more about what the state is doing to ensure a sustainable energy future for all North Carolinians. America 250 NC As the United States nears it 250th year, North Carolina is preparing to commemorate this important historical marker. Learn more about America 250 NC Stay informed, get the latest news and notices from DEQ. Sign-Up for NCDEQ Press Releases here. DEQ News Environmental Education Our Office of Environmental Education promotes education programs and resources and equips educators with the skills to improve environmental literacy and stewardship of natural resources in North Carolina. DEQ North Carolina Community Mapping System DEQ’s Community Mapping System provides communities, businesses and officials with location specific data to inform planning decisions and discussions. Quick Links Understanding PFAS Proposed PFAS Water Quality Standards Emerging Compounds GenX Well Testing Canton Paper Mill Threatened Oceanfront Structures Report Request Public Records Anonymous Comment Tool 1,4-Dioxane Wastewater Discharge Data What We Do The North Carolina Department of Environmental Quality (DEQ) is the lead stewardship agency for the protection of North Carolina's environmental resources. The organization, which has offices from the mountains to the coast, administers regulatory programs designed to protect air quality, water quality, and the public's health, and also works to advance reliable, affordable and clean energy for North Carolinians. DEQ also offers technical assistance to businesses, farmers, local governments, and the public and encourages responsible behavior with respect to the environment through education programs provided at DEQ facilities and through the state's school system. DEQ touches the lives of all North Carolinians in many ways to enhance and ensure our quality of life. Learn More About the Department &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; Division of Air Quality Division of Marine Fisheries Division of Waste Management Division of Water Resources All Divisions DEQ Commissions Information about the Environmental Management, Coastal Resources, Marine Fisheries, and other DEQ commissions. Public Notices &amp; Hearings Find out about DEQ public notices and hearings. Contact Us Find contact information for DEQ staff. DEQ News Stay informed and sign-up to get the latest news and notices from DEQ. Click on the Map for your Regional Office Contact Info. Close Text Version | Export Map Data Red: Asheville Regional Office&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; Light Blue: Fayetteville Regional Office Orange: Mooresville Regional Office Purple: Raleigh Regional Office Blue: Washington Regional Office Green: Wilmington Regional Office Brown: Winston-Salem Regional Office&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; &nbsp; &nbsp; Environmentally Speaking Blog Find DEQ's views on environmental issues, updates on important topics, and other items of interest as they happen. Visit the Blog Need Environmental Assistance? 1-877-623-6748 For general questions about the environment, regulations and other topics, give us a call at 1-877-623-6748. Report Environmental Emergency 1-800-858-0368 If you have an environmental emergency , don’t hesitate to call right away, toll-free at 1-800-858-0368. Contact DEQ Physical Address North Carolina Department of Environmental Quality 217 West Jones Street Raleigh , NC 27603 Map It Division Phone Numbers &nbsp; Public Information Contacts Mailing Addresses Work for Us Job Opportunities at DEQ For State Employees DEQ Intranet Facebook Feed Follow Us Network Menu Translation Disclaimer nc.gov Website Feedback Accessibility Disclaimer &amp; Terms of Use Privacy Policy Open Budget Hosted on Digital Commons