Grants &amp; Incentives | NC Commerce Skip to main content FRAUD ALERT Be aware of multiple fraudulent text scams requesting payment for NCDMV fees, fines or tolls. NCDMV will NEVER request payment by text. Please report it as spam and delete. Learn More An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy . Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Utility Menu News Directory Contact Main menu For Business For Business Why North Carolina Locate in North Carolina Expand in North Carolina Workforce Development Key Industries in North Carolina Start a Business in North Carolina Export Assistance Business Closure Resources Site Search &amp; Location Data Grants &amp; Incentives Grants &amp; Incentives Disaster Recovery Competitive Incentives Public Infrastructure Funds Building or Site Funds Rural Transformation Grants Downtown Economic Development Grants Workforce Grants Community Housing Grants Technology Funds Film Industry Grants Esports Industry Grants Major Events, Games, &amp; Attractions Fund Appalachian Region Funds Tax &amp; Other Cost Savings County Distress Rankings (Tiers) Grants Management Documents Data, Tools &amp; Reports Data, Tools &amp; Reports Labor Market Data &amp; Tools Business Information &amp; Reports Career Resources &amp; Tools Certified Sites Economic Development Reports Planning Services &amp; Tools Opportunity Zones in North Carolina Maps Reference Guides for Researchers Reports for Policymakers Jobs &amp; Training Jobs &amp; Training Resources for Job Seekers Training Resources for Businesses Workforce Professionals Tools &amp; Resources Careers with N.C. Commerce About Us About Us Commerce Leadership Boards &amp; Commissions Divisions &amp; Programs N.C. Prosperity Zones Partners &amp; Allies Request an Appearance | Commerce Leadership Team Utility Menu News Directory Contact Search Grants &amp; Incentives Home North Carolina’s targeted, performance-based incentive programs help companies and communities grow and thrive in our state. Competitive Incentives In situations where North Carolina is competing with other attractive business locations, our competitive incentive programs can come into play. Job Development Investment Grant (JDIG) The Job Development Investment Grant (JDIG) is a performance-based, discretionary incentive program that provides cash grants directly to new and expanding companies to help offset the cost of locating or expanding a facility in the state. Details about the Job Development Investment Grant One North Carolina Fund The One North Carolina Fund (OneNC) is a discretionary cash-grant program that allows the Governor to respond quickly to competitive job-creation projects. The North Carolina Department of Commerce administers OneNC on behalf of the Governor. Awards are based on the number of jobs created, level of investment, location of the project, economic impact of the project and the importance of the project to the state and region. Details about the One North Carolina Fund Public Infrastructure Funds We offer funds to help North Carolina communities build the necessary infrastructure to attract more businesses to their area.&nbsp; Infrastructure - State/Rural Grants Infrastructure - Federal/CDBG – Economic Development Utility Account GoldenLEAF Foundation Rail Industrial Access Program Worker in factory working on school bus Additional Incentives &amp; Information SVG Downtown Development Funds North Carolina downtowns are the cultural and economic centers of their communities. SVG Building or Site Funds Funds demolition, reuse or expansion of existing buildings to upfit for new projects. SVG Workforce Grants Funding to offset the cost of on-the-job training and other workforce development programs. SVG Technology Funds Companies can receive funding from the state or NC Biotech Center to support science and technology innovations. SVG Community Housing Grants Promoting equitable, affordable housing. Supporting existing communities. Valuing communities and neighborhoods. SVG Film Industry Grants North Carolina is world-renowned as a film-friendly state with rebates up to 25% on qualified production expenses. SVG Appalachian Regional Commission Funds A unique federal-state partnership providing social and economic support for a 13-state region. SVG Tax &amp; Other Cost Savings North Carolina offers a variety of ways to reduce business taxes and other costs. SVG Disaster Recovery State and federal funding will be part of the programs helping North Carolina communities rebuild in a smart, comprehensive way SVG County Distress Rankings (Tiers) The North Carolina Department of Commerce annually ranks the state’s 100 counties based on economic well-being and assigns each a Tier designation Contact Information 301 North Wilmington Street Raleigh, North Carolina 27601-1058 (919) 814-4600 Follow Us Network Menu Employee Directory nc.gov Website Feedback Accessibility Disclaimer &amp; Terms of Use Privacy Policy Open Budget Hosted on Digital Commons