Burlington, NC - Official Website | Official Website 

 Skip to Main Content 

 Home 

 Search 

 Services 
 Government 
 Things To Do 
 Business & Development 

 Learn more about Burlington City Councilmembers

 Learn more about Burlington City Councilmembers

 Free NEW Program: Mini Movers

 Designed for kids under age 5, to play and meet others through active movement, small crafts & sensory play. Click to learn more.

 Discover your next outdoor adventure with the NEW Active Alamance App.

 Download your one-stop guide to parks, trails, and lakes across Alamance County.

 Former Western Electric Site Environmental Cleanup Process by the Department of Defense

 Click here to learn more about the process and how you can be part of the conversation.

 Become a member of Burlington Pickleball and elevate your game with exclusive benefits!

 Click here to learn more about memberships and open play. Courts are open daily from 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 p.m.

 Enjoy the Children's Garden at the Burlington Arboretum

 It's always a beautiful day to play at the Arboretum.

 Parking on grass, dirt, and lawns is prohibited by Burlington's Unified Development Ordinance

 Click here for more information on warnings, fines, and how to report.

 City of Burlington Traffic Cameras

 See real time traffic conditions around Burlington.

 Our Unified Development Ordinance (UDO) governs all new development within Burlington. City Council amends the UDO as needed.

 Watch this tutorial from our Planning Department about how to navigate the UDO.

 Enjoy the new, inclusive playground in City Park

 Learn more about recycling services

 Increased costs for recycling plastic and paper are pushing rates higher in municipalities around the country, including Burlington. 

 Enjoy a Burlington tradition and ride our historic Dentzel Carousel

 Free amusement rides, live music, food trucks, beer garden, artisan market, and tons of kids activities

 Burlington will ensure its drinking water always meets federal and state safety regulations.

 Learn what the EPAs new Health Advisories for PFAS in drinking water mean for Burlington

 Need an inspection or permit? Apply online with BurlingtonSmart

 Burlington Smart allows you to apply for, track, and pay for City of Burlington inspections and permits.

 Pay My Bill 

 Report a Concern 

 Find a Job 

 Waste Pick-Up 

 Pet Help & Adopt a Pet 

 Parks, Lakes, & Fun 

 City Calendar

 Mar 
13 

 Downtown St. Paddy's Bash 

 Downtown St. Paddy's Bash Read More 

 Mar 
16 

 Teen 2 Teen Video & Theatre 

 Teen 2 Teen Video & Theatre Read More 

 Mar 
17 

 City Council Meeting 

 City Council Meeting Read More 

 Mar 
19 

 Burlington Recreation & Parks Job Fair 

 Burlington Recreation & Parks Job Fair Read More 

 View All Events 

 /Calendar.aspx

 City Updates

 City of Burlington

 425 S Lexington Avenue

 P.O. Box 1358

 Burlington, NC 27216

 Phone: 336.222.5000 

 Report a Concern 

 Ask a Question 

 Directory 

 Belong in Burlington

 Back to Home 

 Accessibility 

 Privacy 

 Terms of Use 

 /QuickLinks.aspx

 Loading 

 Loading

 Do Not Show Again 
 Close 

 Arrow Left 

 Arrow Right 

 []

 Slideshow Left Arrow 

 Slideshow Right Arrow