About NAR Main menu Close menu REALTOR® Store Contact Pay Dues Main menu Real Estate Topics Open submenu Your resource for all things Real Estate. Including Legal, Agent &amp; Broker, and Property Rights Issues. Membership Open submenu Whether you’re a new agent or an experienced broker you have access to a wide array of resources designed to help you succeed in today&#x27;s market. Research &amp; Statistics Open submenu Including home buying and selling, commercial, international, NAR member information, and technology. Use the data to improve your business through knowledge of the latest trends and statistics. Advocacy Open submenu NAR is widely considered one of the most effective advocacy organizations in the country. Education Open submenu NAR and its affiliated Institutes, Societies, and Councils offer a wide selection of real estate training options. News &amp; Events Open submenu Stay current on industry issues with daily news from NAR. Network with other professionals, attend a seminar, and keep up with industry trends through events hosted by NAR. About NAR Open submenu The National Association of REALTORS® is an American trade association involved in all aspects of residential and commercial real estate. More Open submenu Close submenu Real Estate Topics Real Estate Topics View All Get the Facts The facts and latest news on NAR&#x27;s policy updates. For REALTORS®, MLSs, brokers, buyers, and sellers. Marketing MLS &amp; Online Listings Social Media Sales Tips &amp; Techniques View More Being a Real Estate Professional Being a Broker Starting Your Career Being an Agent View More Residential Real Estate Condominiums Smart Growth Vacation, Resort, &amp; 2nd Homes FHA Programs Home Inspections View More Legal Fair Housing Copyright Arbitration &amp; Dispute Resolution View More More Close submenu Membership Membership Realtors Property Resource® (RPR) All Membership Benefits NAR REALTOR Benefits® Bringing you savings and unique offers on products and services just for REALTORS®. Directories Complete listing of state and local associations, MLSs, members, and more. Dues Information &amp; Payment Become a Member As a member, you are the voice for NAR – it is your association and it exists to help you succeed. Logos and Trademark Rules Only members of NAR can call themselves a REALTOR®. Learn how to properly use the logo and terms. Your Membership Account Review your membership preferences and Code of Ethics training status. Close submenu Research &amp; Statistics Research &amp; Statistics Highlights &amp; News Get the latest top line research, news, and popular reports. Housing Statistics National, regional, and metro-market level housing statistics where data is available. Research Reports Research on a wide range of topics of interest to real estate practitioners. Presentation Slides Access recent presentations from NAR economists and researchers. State &amp; Metro Area Data Affordability, economic, and buyer &amp; seller profile data for areas in which you live and work. Commercial Research Analysis of commercial market sectors and commercial-focused issues and trends. Statistical News Release Schedule Close submenu Advocacy Advocacy Advocacy Issues &amp; News Federal Advocacy From its building located steps away from the U.S. Capitol, NAR advocates for you. REALTORS® Political Action Committee (RPAC) Promoting the election of pro-REALTOR® candidates across the United States. State &amp; Local Advocacy Resources to foster and harness the grassroots strength of the REALTOR® Party. Advocacy Impact Highlighting work to expand housing access and defend property rights. REALTOR® Party A powerful alliance working to protect and promote homeownership and property investment. Get Involved Now more than ever, it is critical for REALTORS® across America to come together and speak with one voice. Close submenu Education Education All Education &amp; Professional Development Code of Ethics Training Fulfill your COE training requirement with free courses for new and existing members. Fair Housing Training REALTORS® are required to complete Fair Housing every three years, coinciding with COE training. Real Estate Designations and Certifications Increase your skills, proficiency, and knowledge to help boost your salary and client base. Continuing Education (CE) Meet the continuing education (CE) requirement in state(s) where you hold a license. Online Real Estate Courses Explore certificate courses, leadership and business tools, and affiliate offerings. Library &amp; Archives Offering research services and thousands of print and digital resources. Close submenu News &amp; Events News &amp; Events NAR Newsroom Official news releases from NAR. NAR REALTOR® News Blogs Commentary from NAR experts on technology, staging, placemaking, and real estate trends. Newsletters Stay informed on the most important real estate business news and business specialty updates. NAR NXT, The REALTOR® Experience REALTORS® Legislative Meetings AE Institute Leadership Week All Events Close submenu About NAR About NAR Mission, Vision, Culture &amp; Impact Code of Ethics Leadership &amp; Staff National, state &amp; local leadership, staff directories, leadership opportunities, and more. Committee &amp; Liaisons History Founded as the National Association of Real Estate Exchanges in 1908. Affiliated Organizations 2025 NAR Annual Report Serving REALTORS® better and strengthening the association for long-term success. Policies Governing Documents Code of Ethics, NAR&#x27;s Constitution &amp; Bylaws, and model bylaws for state &amp; local associations. Awards &amp; Grants Member recognition and special funding, including the REALTORS® Relief Foundation. NAR&#x27;s Consumer Outreach Close submenu More More View All Top Directories Find a Member Browse All Directories Find an Office Find an Association NAR Group and Team Directory Committees and Directors By Role Broker Association Executive Appraiser State &amp; Local Volunteer Leader Student By Specialty Global Senior Market Short Sales &amp; Foreclosures Land Green Multimedia Infographics Videos Video Series First-Time Buyer Window to the Law MLS Minute Podcasts Change Agents The Advocacy Scoop Real Estate Today Center for REALTOR® Development Programs Fair Housing Safety Leading with Diversity Good Neighbor National Association of REALTORS® Go Go REALTOR® Store Contact Pay Dues Real Estate Topics Real Estate Topics Your resource for all things Real Estate. Including Legal, Agent &amp; Broker, and Property Rights Issues. View All Get the Facts The facts and latest news on NAR&#x27;s policy updates. For REALTORS®, MLSs, brokers, buyers, and sellers. Close Marketing MLS &amp; Online Listings Social Media Sales Tips &amp; Techniques View More Close Being a Real Estate Professional Being a Broker Starting Your Career Being an Agent View More Close Residential Real Estate Condominiums Smart Growth Vacation, Resort, &amp; 2nd Homes FHA Programs Home Inspections View More Close Legal Fair Housing Copyright Arbitration &amp; Dispute Resolution View More Close More Close Membership Providing Membership Value Whether you’re a new agent or an experienced broker you have access to a wide array of resources designed to help you succeed in today&#x27;s market. All Membership Benefits NAR REALTOR Benefits® Bringing you savings and unique offers on products and services just for REALTORS®. Close Directories Complete listing of state and local associations, MLSs, members, and more. Close Dues Information &amp; Payment Become a Member As a member, you are the voice for NAR – it is your association and it exists to help you succeed. Close Logos and Trademark Rules Only members of NAR can call themselves a REALTOR®. Learn how to properly use the logo and terms. Close Your Membership Account Review your membership preferences and Code of Ethics training status. Close Close Research &amp; Statistics Market Behavior Including home buying and selling, commercial, international, NAR member information, and technology. Use the data to improve your business through knowledge of the latest trends and statistics. Highlights &amp; News Get the latest top line research, news, and popular reports. Close Housing Statistics National, regional, and metro-market level housing statistics where data is available. Close Research Reports Research on a wide range of topics of interest to real estate practitioners. Close Presentation Slides Access recent presentations from NAR economists and researchers. Close State &amp; Metro Area Data Affordability, economic, and buyer &amp; seller profile data for areas in which you live and work. Close Commercial Research Analysis of commercial market sectors and commercial-focused issues and trends. Close Statistical News Release Schedule Close Advocacy Representing Your Industry NAR is widely considered one of the most effective advocacy organizations in the country. Advocacy Issues &amp; News Federal Advocacy From its building located steps away from the U.S. Capitol, NAR advocates for you. Close REALTORS® Political Action Committee (RPAC) Promoting the election of pro-REALTOR® candidates across the United States. Close State &amp; Local Advocacy Resources to foster and harness the grassroots strength of the REALTOR® Party. Close Advocacy Impact Highlighting work to expand housing access and defend property rights. Close REALTOR® Party A powerful alliance working to protect and promote homeownership and property investment. Close Get Involved Now more than ever, it is critical for REALTORS® across America to come together and speak with one voice. Close Close Education Advancing Your Career NAR and its affiliated Institutes, Societies, and Councils offer a wide selection of real estate training options. All Education &amp; Professional Development Code of Ethics Training Fulfill your COE training requirement with free courses for new and existing members. Close Fair Housing Training REALTORS® are required to complete Fair Housing every three years, coinciding with COE training. Close Real Estate Designations and Certifications Increase your skills, proficiency, and knowledge to help boost your salary and client base. Close Continuing Education (CE) Meet the continuing education (CE) requirement in state(s) where you hold a license. Close Online Real Estate Courses Explore certificate courses, leadership and business tools, and affiliate offerings. Close Library &amp; Archives Offering research services and thousands of print and digital resources. Close Close News &amp; Events News &amp; Events Stay current on industry issues with daily news from NAR. Network with other professionals, attend a seminar, and keep up with industry trends through events hosted by NAR. NAR Newsroom Official news releases from NAR. Close NAR REALTOR® News Blogs Commentary from NAR experts on technology, staging, placemaking, and real estate trends. Close Newsletters Stay informed on the most important real estate business news and business specialty updates. Close NAR NXT, The REALTOR® Experience REALTORS® Legislative Meetings AE Institute Leadership Week All Events Close About NAR Who We Are The National Association of REALTORS® is an American trade association involved in all aspects of residential and commercial real estate. Mission, Vision, Culture &amp; Impact Code of Ethics Leadership &amp; Staff National, state &amp; local leadership, staff directories, leadership opportunities, and more. Close Committee &amp; Liaisons History Founded as the National Association of Real Estate Exchanges in 1908. Close Affiliated Organizations 2025 NAR Annual Report Serving REALTORS® better and strengthening the association for long-term success. Close Policies Governing Documents Code of Ethics, NAR&#x27;s Constitution &amp; Bylaws, and model bylaws for state &amp; local associations. Close Awards &amp; Grants Member recognition and special funding, including the REALTORS® Relief Foundation. Close NAR&#x27;s Consumer Outreach Close More Browse by Section View All Top Directories Find a Member Browse All Directories Find an Office Find an Association NAR Group and Team Directory Committees and Directors Close By Role Broker Association Executive Appraiser State &amp; Local Volunteer Leader Student Close By Specialty Global Senior Market Short Sales &amp; Foreclosures Land Green Close Multimedia Infographics Videos Close Video Series First-Time Buyer Window to the Law MLS Minute Close Podcasts Change Agents The Advocacy Scoop Real Estate Today Center for REALTOR® Development Close Programs Fair Housing Safety Leading with Diversity Good Neighbor Close Close Who We Are About NAR The National Association of REALTORS® is an American trade association involved in all aspects of residential and commercial real estate. Top Our membership is composed of residential and commercial brokers, salespeople, property managers, appraisers, counselors, and others engaged in the real estate industry. Members belong to one or more of approximately 1,200 local associations/boards and 54 state and territory associations of REALTORS®. The term REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark that identifies a real estate professional who is a member of the National Association of REALTORS® and subscribes to its strict Code of Ethics . MISSION To empower REALTORS® as they preserve, protect and advance the right to real property for all. Read NAR&#x27;s 2026-2028 Strategic Plan VISION Our vision is to be a trusted ally, guiding our members and those they serve through the ever-evolving real estate landscape. OUR COMMITMENT TO FOSTERING A RESPECTFUL WORKPLACE NAR is committed to providing a productive and welcoming environment that is free from discrimination, harassment, and retaliation, and is dedicated to implementing best practices to ensure our workplace is positive and productive. Read NAR&#x27;s full Commitment to Fostering a Respectful Workplace. Code of Ethics The Code ensures that consumers are served by requiring REALTORS® to cooperate with each other in furthering clients&#x27; best interests. Code of Ethics Training REALTORS® are required to complete ethics training every 3 years. Members can complete NAR&#x27;s free online courses or a local association&#x27;s course. Learn More The Code of Ethics NAR&#x27;s Code of Ethics and Standards of Practice plus related resources and training. Ethics Training Guiding NAR’s Strategic Direction NAR Leadership The NAR Leadership Team is the President, President-elect, First Vice President, Treasurer, Immediate Past President, Vice Presidents, and CEO. Learn More Committee Members &amp; Liaisons Committee reports, appointments, structure, selection process, and more. Committee Structure Our History The National Association of REALTORS® was founded as the National Association of Real Estate Exchanges on May 12, 1908 in Chicago. With 120 founding members, 19 Boards, and one state association, the National Association of Real Estate Exchanges&#x27; objective was &quot;to unite the real estate men of America for the purpose of effectively exerting a combined influence upon matters affecting real estate interests.&quot; Learn More Governing Documents &amp; Policies Governing Documents NAR&#x27;s major policy documents including the Code of Ethics, Constitution and Bylaws, and local/state model documents. Learn More Policies Association policy, rules, and procedures related to membership, multiple listing services, and professional standards. Learn More Additional Information When Is a Real Estate Agent a REALTOR®? A real estate agent is a REALTOR® if they become a member of the National Association of REALTORS® and adhere to NAR&#x27;s Code of Ethics. Affiliated Organizations Learn more about NAR&#x27;s affiliated institutes, societies, and councils. Awards and Grants Explore NAR&#x27;s awards and recognition for members and associations or find information on grants and other financial assistance. Consumer Outreach NAR&#x27;s goal is to demonstrate the value of a REALTOR® to consumers and distinguish REALTORS® from other real estate agents. 2025 NAR Annual Report Outlines the work NAR undertook in 2025 to better serve REALTORS® and strengthen the association for long-term success. Learn more 2026-2028 NAR Strategic Plan November 16, 2025 NAR will provide clear direction, actionable solutions and measurable impact for our members and the industry. AE Resources: New Member Orientation The annual Member Orientation Toolkit includes resources and tools to help Associations welcome new members into the REALTOR® family. Get the Facts Whether you’re a REALTOR®, broker, MLS exec, homebuyer, or home seller, these resources provide the facts and latest news on NAR&#x27;s policy updates. facts.realtor Executive Outreach Program The Executive Outreach Program strengthens relationships between NAR, local/state associations, &amp; MLSs through points of contact &amp; partnerships. NAR&#x27;s Day in the Life of a REALTOR® Program NAR staff committed to better understanding what our members do each day as a successful real estate professional. Culture &amp; Impact Learn about NAR’s initiatives which sets the standard for equitable access to opportunity within the real estate industry. Good Neighbor REALTORS® give back on all levels. Learn about the REALTORS® Are Good Neighbors program and the Good Neighbor Awards. NAR en Español NAR en español permite a los miembros y socios colaboradores acceder a información, herramientas, productos y servicios en español. Doing Business with NAR April 15, 2022 If you are interested in becoming a potential vendor with NAR, please register here. Vendor Register Working at NAR The NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® employs more than 300 people in Chicago and Washington, D.C., to help fulfill its mission of helping its members be more successful and advocating for property-ownership rights throughout the U.S. — and continually seeks talented people to join its team. Learn More About Life at NAR Stay Current on Emerging Market Trends &amp; News Sign up for our daily newsletter &#x27;NAR REALTOR® News Now&#x27; or register to access all NAR newsletters . By subscribing to NAR REALTOR® News Now, managed by SmartBrief, you are agreeing to receive one daily email with news, offers, and information from the National Association of REALTORS® and SmartBrief. Visit our Privacy Policy . Easy unsubscribe links are provided in every email. Contact Us 1.800.874.6500 Live Chat Member Support is available Mon-Fri, 8am-5pm Central Headquarters 430 N. Michigan Ave Chicago, IL 60611-4087 800-874-6500 DC Office 500 New Jersey Avenue, NW Washington, D.C. 20001-2020 202-383-1000 Follow Us Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Newsletters Careers Advertise Reprints Additional Resources for Members &amp; the Public Privacy Policy Accessibility Statement Terms of Use Contact Us 1.800.874.6500 Live Chat Member Support is available Mon-Fri, 8am-5pm Central Follow Us Facebook Instagram LinkedIn Twitter Youtube © 2026 National Association of REALTORS®. All Rights Reserved. Your online presence made easy! (link is external) Back to top