Winston-Salem Journal | Breaking News | | Read Winston-Salem News, Sports, Entertainment, Politics, Classifieds Skip to main content Skip to main content 46&deg; Log In Subscribe Guest Logout Read Today's E-edition News Local Crime State Education Politics Business Nation & World Markets & Stocks News Tip Obituaries Share a story Recent Obituaries Find an Obituary Opinion Submit a letter Letters Editorials Columnists Sports High School College ASU WSSU WFU Professional North Carolina Betting Lifestyles Event Calendar Arts & Theatre Movies & TV Music Dining & Drinks Contests Comics Puzzmo Games & Puzzles Play Announcements People Travel Religion Calendar Food & Cooking Home & Garden Health Parenting Fashion Pets Faith Sponsored Content Magazines Winston-Salem Monthly Carolina Weddings Magazine Join the community News tip Share a video Send a story Share a photo Brand Ave. Studios Print Edition E-edition Weekly Ads Special Sections Archives Buy & Sell Place an Ad Jobs Cars Marketplace Public Notices Shop Local Today's Deal Shopping Customer Service Manage Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Newsletter sign-up Subscribe Contact Us Amazon Echo / Alexa Help Center Gift Subscriptions Mobile Apps Weather: Live radar Facebook Twitter YouTube &copy; 2026 Lee Enterprises Terms of Service | Privacy Policy Subscribe Read Today's E-edition Subscribe Log In Welcome, Guest My Subscription See Benefits Members Only --> Help Center My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout E-edition News Obituaries Opinion Sports Puzzmo Puzzles Lifestyles Public Notices Homes 46&deg; Clear Javascript is required to use this website. Breaking News Unruly behavior reported as hundreds of teens gathered in downtown Winston-Salem “Rest assured, if this problem continues, we will not hesitate to charge and arrest not only juveniles but also parents who support or enable the criminal actions of their children,” Chief William Penn said. “We will stand by our word.” Just In US military refueling plane goes down in Iraq; rescue is underway Unruly behavior reported as hundreds of teens gathered in downtown Winston-Salem John Hinton “Rest assured, if this problem continues, we will not hesitate to charge and arrest not only juveniles but also parents who support or enable the criminal actions of their children,” Chief William Penn said. “We will stand by our word.” Funeral for Forsyth County sheriff's deputy who died in vehicle collision scheduled for Monday John Hinton Deputy Kaleb Mitchell, 24, died on Saturday, March 7, when a pickup truck collided head-on with Mitchell’s patrol vehicle on U.S. 311 in northern Forsyth County, authorities said. Cone Health places ads on GTA buses as Triad rivals raise profiles Richard Craver Cone Health debuted Wednesday a marketing campaign that features ads that wrap around eight Greensboro Transit Agency buses. The buses will feature the Cone marketing for five months covering its heart and vascular, cancer services, urgent care and pharmacy programs. Gift card donations sought for federal TSA employees at Greensboro airport Richard Craver The Piedmont Triad Airport Authority is asking for gift cards to grocery stores, gas stations and similar retailers. Triad's college basketball fandom ranks top 10 in TV viewership Richard Craver The Triad's No. 10 U.S. ranking in watching men's and women's college basketball soars well above being the nation's No. 47 TV market. The Triad also continues to outperform the Triangle in viewership even with Duke, N.C. State and UNC in its market. Here's where to find a St. Paddy's Day party in the Triad - or a great concert, play or show Dimon Kendrick-Holmes You can find lots of ways and places to celebrate St. Patrick's Day in the Triad between now and Tuesday. First 4 volunteers chosen to inspect Forsyth school district's finances Scott Sexton The first picks made by the school board show they're taking it seriously. Shopping How to Buy WLFI Token: Full Beginner Guide Recommended For You After loss to Clemson, Forbes says Wake Forest wants to play in a postseason tournament 18-year-old struck while crossing Reynolds Park Road in Winston-Salem Wilkes County register of deeds arrested on drug charges The Latest Archwell Health opens third Triad primary-care clinic focused on patients ages 60 and older ArchWell Health , an independent primary care provider chain focused on patients ages 60 and older, has opened its third Triad location at 2100 N. Elm St. in Greensboro. Winston-Salem neighbors: Obituaries for March 12 Read through the obituaries published today in Winston-Salem Journal. Winston-Salem neighbors: Obituaries for March 11 Read through the obituaries published today in Winston-Salem Journal. Winston-Salem neighbors: Obituaries for March 10 Read through the obituaries published today in Winston-Salem Journal. Hi-Chew parent company, which has Mebane plant, plans to buy My/Mochi Ice Cream In July 2024, Morinaga America Food announced plans to expand its Mebane operations by 204 jobs as part of a $136 million capital investment. Winston-Salem neighbors: Obituaries for March 9 Read through the obituaries published today in Winston-Salem Journal. Winston-Salem neighbors: Obituaries for March 8 Read through the obituaries published today in Winston-Salem Journal. Former athletic trainer at Wake Forest drops lawsuit against congessman. Will she re-file? “We took that dismissal, and we intend to re-file,” Walter Holton said. Editor's Pick Child care center next to senior living community? Both benefit in Winston-Salem Scott Sexton Then she learned about an unusual arrangement between Imprints Cares and Brookridge that encourages seniors to visit with the children when the mood strikes. Interact With Us 2026 Readers' Choice Read the E-edition now – the digital replica of the newspaper! Updated every day! Download our mobile app for a customized experience! Download it today! Get the most important news in your inbox as it happens. Sign up for Breaking News: Get it delivered to your inbox! Latest Video Netanyahu says new Iran leader 'can't show his face in public' Iran’s new leader issues ‘silent’ first message, former Biden adviser calls it ‘striking’ As gas prices rise, electric vehicle owners have an advantage. Could that spark more EV interest? Iran's supreme leader says closure of Strait of Hormuz should be used as leverage Sports SEC Tournament Second Round: Key Matchups and $365 Bonus Bet Promo The 2026 SEC Men’s Basketball Tournament continues Thursday, March 12, with an exciting slate of second-round matchups at Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee. Four games are scheduled, with the winners advancing to the quarterfinals to face the conference’s top four seeds. With postsea&hellip; DraftKings NHL Promo: Secure $200 in bonus bets on the Stars vs. Oilers Things are tightening up at the top of the Western Conference. The Stars sit second in the standings and will look to close the gap when they welcome the Oilers on Thursday night. Off the ice, DraftKings two-part welcome promotion is giving new bettors a reason to follow the action. Ex-Michigan assistant coach Chris Partridge sues university: 'I was a scapegoat' Former Michigan football assistant Chris Partridge is suing the University of Michigan for wrongful termination and the “devastation” of his reputation after the university used a “false narrative” to fire him. Partridge filed the suit Wednesday in the US District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan because he wants the “truth be told." He was fired by Michigan Nov. 17, 2023, stemming ... Ex-High Point Christian Star Adebayo scores 83 points, 2nd only to Wilt Chamberlain in NBA history Adebayo was the 2016 All-Area Player of the Year for his one season at High Point Christian Academy. Listen Now Podcasts Listen to top stories today from the Winston-Salem Journal Hear audio versions of the latest top stories selected by editors. Oil prices soar as Iran's attacks on Mideast shipping continue | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. How do we find the line between striving and drifting? | The Ethical Life podcast 🎧 Hosts Richard Kyte and Scott Rada examine the ethics of ambition, exploring burnout, apathy and whether healthy goals require self-awareness, mentorship and meaningful connection to avoid imbalance. Iran keeps pressure on oil infrastructure as US casualties rise | Hot off the Wire podcast 🎧 Get the latest national, international and sports news on our daily podcast. Life &amp; Entertainment This week's bestsellers from Publishers Weekly Here are the bestsellers for the week that ended Saturday, March 7, compiled from data from independent and chain bookstores, book wholesalers and independent distributors nationwide, powered by Circana BookScan © 2026 Circana. (Reprinted from Publishers Weekly, published by PWxyz LLC. © 2026, PWxyz LLC.) HARDCOVER FICTION 1. "The Correspondent: A Novel" by Virginia Evans (Crown) Last week: 2 ... Taking the kids: Savoring an Iftar and more in Jordan during Ramadan Indian curry, pasta, or Chinese-American stir-fry? Sushi or shrimp cocktail … several different soups, dips and salads. Perhaps lamb, fried fish, chicken dishes, served by smiling chefs at different stations and followed by an eye-popping array of desserts. Review: Great ending saves ‘Reminders of Him’ "Reminders of Him," based on the Colleen Hoover book of the same name, is out in theaters Friday. Local Events Some features on this page require cookie consent to load. Please update your cookie preferences to continue &times; Update settings to continue&hellip; Please try the following steps to enable. Open FireFox Settings &rarr; Privacy &amp; Security &rarr; Website Privacy Preferences Make sure " Tell websites not to sell or share my data " is not checked. Make sure " Send websites a Do Not Track request " is not checked. Open Chrome Settings &rarr; Privacy &amp; Security &rarr; Third-party cookies Under Advanced, make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open Edge Settings &rarr; Privacy, search, and services Under Privacy, make sure " Send Do Not Track " requests is not enabled Open Cookies and Site Permissions &rarr; Manage and delete cookies and site data Make sure " Block third-party cookies " is not enabled Open your browser settings and make sure " Do Not Track " is disabled. Open your cookie preferences . Make sure " Targeted Advertising " is toggled ON . Make sure " Do Not Sell or Share My Personal Information " is toggled OFF . Click Save Partner Contributor How Online Social Casinos Have Risen to Popularity Contributor content. Online casino platforms offer gameplay and social features that connect players, becoming unique cultural hubs in the digital entertainment scene. Contributor 10 Stress-Free Tools To Help You Relax on National No Housework Day (and Beyond) Contributor content. This guide offers practical solutions to help you unwind on National No Housework Day and maintain a serene environment beyond the holiday. Contributor Home Care Packages Explained for Families and Caregivers Contributor content. Here’s everything you need to know about home care programs. Contributor How an Internship for High School Students Builds Career Direction Contributor content. Read on to see how an internship for high school students builds career direction and helps you approach future choices with clarity. Shopping How to Buy WLFI Token: Full Beginner Guide Affiliate. Learn how to buy WLFI Token in this step by step guide for beginners. Solana Wallet for Beginners (2025): Setup, Safety, Staking & Swaps Affiliate. Learn how to create and use a Solana wallet, stake SOL, swap tokens, bridge assets, and stay secure with Best Wallet’s multi-chain features. Web3 Wallet for Beginners: How to Set Up, Stay Safe, and Pick the Right App Affiliate. Learn what a Web3 wallet is, how to set one up, and how to stay safe while exploring DeFi, NFTs, and new crypto coins with beginner‑friendly apps like Best Wallet.​ Which Crypto May Boom in 2025? A Look at What’s Trending Affiliate. Find out which crypto coins you should watch closely in 2025. Local Businesses Wilkerson Moravian Bakery 645 OAKLAWN AVE, WINSTON-SALEM, NC 27104 Mccall Insurance Services PO BOX 1482, CLEMMONS, NC 27012 Wfu Sports Marketing 6500 CREEDMOOR ROAD, SUITE 216, RALEIGH, NC 27613 Print Ads Events Entertainment HIGH POINT UNIVERSITY Legal W. KIRK SANDERS, ATTORNEY Restaurant RYAN' S STEAK HOUSE/HATHCOCK ADV Services DW TREE CARE Services HELPING HANDS TRANSPORTATION Services ELIJAH HARRISON CONSTRUCTION Services NASH LANGLEY SERVICES Other SENIOR LIVING COMMUNITIES, LLC Restaurant RYAN' S STEAK HOUSE/HATHCOCK ADV Events Entertainment TWIN CITY KIWANIS CLUB &times; Facebook Twitter YouTube Sites &amp; Partners Carolina Weddings Magazine Winston-Salem Magazine Contests Newsletters Services Manage Subscription Contact Us Advertise Media Kit Join our Team Become a Carrier Licensing Shopping Dealer Returns &copy; Copyright 2026 Winston-Salem Journal , 418 N. Marshall Street Winston-Salem, NC 27101 Terms of Use | Privacy Policy | Advertising Terms of Use | Do Not Sell My Info | Cookie Preferences Powered by BLOX Content Management System from bloxdigital.com . {{title}} {{summary}} Notifications Settings You don't have any notifications. Get up-to-the-minute news sent straight to your device. Topics Breaking News Subscribe News Alert Subscribe