Welcome to Harnett County 

 //-->

 North Carolina

 About

 Harnett County

 Municipalities

 Explore

 Education

 Departments

 Board of Commissioners

 Economic Development

 Development Services

 Emergency Services

 Board of Elections

 Health Department

 Parks & Recreation

 Social Services 

 Tax Department 

 More Departments

 Government

 Board of Commissioners Agenda and Meeting Packages

 Board of Commissioners Minutes

 Financial Documents

 Planning Board Minutes, Agendas, and Staff Reports

 Board of Adjustments

 Development Review Board

 Ordinances and Amendments

 Major Subdivisions

 Online Contracts

 Resolutions

 Search: 

 Welcome to Harnett County

 2025 Community Survey Results

-->
 View Results 

 &nbsp;

 Citizen Information Session | March 23, 2026

-->
 Register Now 

 &nbsp;

 Veterans Breakfast and Information Session

-->
 Register Now 

 &nbsp;

 2025 Year-in Review

-->
 View Now 

 &nbsp;

 I want to&hellip; 

 Access Vendor Self-Service System 
 Apply for a Marriage License 
 Apply for a NEW Water/Sewer Tap 
 Apply For A Permit 
 Check Absentee Ballot Status 
 Check Motor Vehicle Tax Status 
 Check My Voter Registration 
 Check Status of My Inspection 
 Disconnect Water/Sewer Service 
 Find a County Department 
 Pay Taxes Online 
 Pay Water/Sewer Bill Online 
 Register for Emergency Notifications 
 Register to Vote 
 Schedule/Cancel Inspection Online 
 Search Boards & Committees 
 Search County Documents 
 Search E-911 Address 
 Search GIS Portal 
 Search Job Opportunities 
 Search Library Online Catalog 
 Search Tax Billing Statements 
 Search Tax Real Estate Records 
 Search the Register of Deeds 
 See Utility Provider Contact Information 
 Setup Bank Draft for Water/Sewer 
 Turn On Existing Water/Sewer Service 
 View Commissioner Agendas/Minutes 
 View Current Bid Opportunities 
 View GIS Mapgallery 
 View Planning, DRB & Board of Adjustment Agendas, Minutes & Reports 
 View Restaurant Inspections Online 
 View the Commons Area Availability Calendar 
 View Upcoming Public Hearings 
 Visit Harnett County Schools 

 Popular Resources

 View All 

 Job Opportunities 

 Harnett County is a wonderful place to work. We invite you to join our team of dedicated and talented individuals. 

 Public Records Requests 

 Harnett County is committed to transparency and upholding the North Carolina public records laws, which include but are not limited to North Carolina General Statute Chapter 132.1 and General Statute 153A-98. The &hellip;
 Read more 

 Animal Adoptions 

 Harnett County Animal Services has a variety of animals, such as cats, dogs, chickens, roosters, cattle, goats, rabbits, and horses that are available for adoption. Chews to adopt and give these animals &hellip;
 Read more 

 Press Releases

 View All 

 Harnett County EMS Receive Mission: Lifeline Gold Award, National Recognition 

 &nbsp; March 12, 2026

 The Harnett County Emergency Medical Services (EMS) System has been nationally recognized, earning the American Heart Association’s Mission: Lifeline EMS® Gold Star Award. Earning the Gold level recognition means the Harnett County EMS system &hellip;
 Read more 

 NCWorks to Host Multi-Employer Resource Fair in April, Offering Resources to Job Seekers 

 &nbsp; March 11, 2026

 The Harnett County NCWorks Career Center, will host a Multi-Employer and Resource Fair on April 8, 2026, from 2:00 – 6:00 p.m. This event allows job seekers to connect with local employers, &hellip;
 Read more 

 Harnett County Veterans and their Caregivers are invited to attend a Veterans Breakfast and Information Session 

 &nbsp; March 4, 2026

 Veterans living in Harnett County are invited to attend a free, veterans-only breakfast designed to connect veterans and veteran caregivers with valuable resources, information, and support services available to them. The event &hellip;
 Read more 

 What's New?

 View All 

 Harnett Regional Water Public Notice to Drinking Water Customers 

 Beginning Sunday, March 1, 2026, Harnett Regional Water will temporarily change its drinking water disinfection process from chloramines (free chlorine combined with ammonia) to free chlorine only. This change will &hellip;
 Read more 

 Approved FY 2027-2033 Capital Improvements Program 

 The CIP is a long-term plan for funding the county&rsquo;s major capital needs. It shows how facilities, equipment, and other projects that cost $100,000 or more could be scheduled and funded &hellip;
 Read more 

 FY 2025-2026 Approved Budget 

 The Local Government Budget and Fiscal Control Act serves as the framework for our annual budget process. Harnett County adheres to a balanced budget approach, covering a fiscal year that spans &hellip;
 Read more 

 Related Links

 View All 

 Board of Commissioners Meeting Videos 

 Approved 2024-2025 Budget 

 FY 2024-2030 Approved Capital Improvements Program 

 Attachment&nbsp; 

 GovDeals 

 GovDeals' online marketplace provides services to government, educational, and related entities for the sale of surplus assets to the public.

 Upcoming Events

 View All 

 Keep Harnett Beautiful Spring Litter Sweep! 

 Soil & Water Conservation District 

 &nbsp; February 23, 2026&ndash;May 2, 2026

 🌸🌎 Spring Into Action, Harnett County! 🌎🌸
April is almost here, and it’s time for our ‘Spring’ Litter Sweep with Keep Harnett Beautiful! 💚💙
We’re calling on volunteers of all ages to help us &hellip;
 Read more 

 PreventT2 Diabetes Prevention Lifestyle Program 

 Health Department 

 &nbsp; March 2, 2026&ndash;February 15, 2027

 &nbsp; 4:30 PM&ndash;5:30 PM

 The Harnett County Health Department’s FREE PreventT2 Lifestyle Change Program offers a chance to prevent or delay the onset of type 2 diabetes by adopting a healthier lifestyle.
 Read more 

 Attachment&nbsp; 

 Fuel Your Body 

 Health Department 

 &nbsp; March 5, 2026&ndash;March 26, 2026

 &nbsp; 12:00 PM&ndash;1:00 PM

 In recognition of National Nutrition Month, we invite you to join us for a free nutrition educational series. "Read More" to learn how to register!
 Read more 

 Attachment&nbsp; 

 Harnett County Board of Commissioners Regular Meeting 

 Board of Commissioners 

 &nbsp; March 16, 2026

 &nbsp; 6:00 PM&ndash;8:00 PM

 The Harnett County Board of Commissioners will hold their next Regular Meeting in the Commissioners Meeting Room, located on the second floor of the Harnett County Resource Center & Library (address: &hellip;
 Read more 

 Breakfast & Information Session 

 Veterans Services 

 &nbsp; March 23, 2026

 &nbsp; 9:00 AM&ndash;11:01 AM

 Join us for breakfast. Reservations are required and space is limited to 200. Event is limited to Harnett County Veterans only.
 Read more 

 Attachment&nbsp; 

 Spring Into Fitness Virtual Challenge 

 Health Department 

 &nbsp; March 23, 2026&ndash;April 19, 2026

 Join our FREE 4-week virtual spring fitness challenge! It’s a great way to get your family, friends, and/or co-workers involved in friendly competition, physical activity, and a common goal. You can choose &hellip;
 Read more 

 Attachment&nbsp; 

 Harnett County 

 455 McKinney Parkway, Lillington, NC 27546 

 910-893-7555 

 910-814-8300 

 Online Inquiry 

 Harnett County strives to provide our citizens with an enhanced quality of life that preserves our agricultural heritage and embraces future growth for a thriving and prosperous community.

 &copy; Copyright 2026 - Harnett County, North Carolina