Home Page | Guilford County Skip to main content Rezoning Scam Alert Guilford County is aware of a scam from a perpetrator misrepresenting themselves as the Guilford County Planning Board. Read more about the scam here. An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy . Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Utility Menu News Jobs County Directory Emergency Notifications Public Records Request Main menu I Want To I Want To Apply for a Building Permit Adopt a Pet Access the GIS Online Services Apply for a Marriage License Get a Birth or Death Certificate Register to Vote View Arrest Records View and Pay Taxes Living Working My Property Government Government Board of Commissioners Board of Elections County Attorney&#039;s Office County Manager Countywide Programs and Initiatives Departments and Agencies Register of Deeds Sheriff&#039;s Office Utility Menu News Jobs County Directory Emergency Notifications Public Records Request Search Home Page Search Popular Topics Adopt a Pet 2026 Tax Reappraisal Register to Vote Find Legal Notices Find Vital Records Use Geographic Information Systems (GIS) Featured In the Spotlight Notable highlights from people and places around Guilford County. 2026 Tax Reappraisal Find information for the upcoming Guilford County 2026 Reappraisal, during which new values will be assigned to all real property in the county at its current market value. Legal Support Center The Guilford County Legal Support Center empowers individuals representing themselves in legal proceedings by providing clear, accessible, and court-approved information. Find information and resources. Apply to Boards and Commissions Find information about resident boards and commissions, how to apply, and more. News Releases Featured February 27, 2026 Community Invited to Pleasant Garden Recycling Event Featuring Shred, Medication Take-Back, and Food Drive Guilford County, the Town of Pleasant Garden, and community partners invite all county residents to participate in the Pleasant Garden Community Recycling Event on Saturday, March 14, from 8 a.m. to noon, at the Pleasant Garden Community Center, 5024 Alliance Church Rd. See the full article News Releases Featured Article Date March 12, 2026 County Hosts Vendor Registration and Bid Management Workshops Article Date March 09, 2026 Public Health Announces Extended-Hour Community Locations for MMR Vaccinations Article Date January 23, 2026 Guilford County Parks Hosts Summer Hiring Events Read all News Releases Upcoming Events View Embed 14 Mar Mar 14, 2026 — Pleasant Garden, NC Pleasant Garden Community Recycling Event 14 Mar Mar 14, 2026 — Greensboro, NC Cuddles and Coffee Adoption Event 17 Mar Mar 17, 2026 Grow with Us - Lunch &amp; Learn: Summer Flowering Bulbs 17 Mar Mar 17, 2026 — Jamestown, NC Extended-Hour Community Location for Vaccinations View all upcoming events Guilford County Contact Us Guilford County Government 301 W. Market St.&nbsp; Greensboro, NC 27401 Monday through Friday, 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. Contact Us Follow Us Stay Connected Sign Up for County News Network Menu nc.gov Website Feedback Accessibility Disclaimer &amp; Terms of Use Privacy Policy Open Budget Hosted on Digital Commons