U.S. Environmental Protection Agency | US EPA Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here’s how you know Here’s how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( Lock A locked padlock ) or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. JavaScript appears to be disabled on this computer. Please click here to see any active alerts . Menu Search Search Primary navigation Environmental Topics Environmental Topics Air Bed Bugs Chemicals, Toxics, and Pesticide Emergency Response Environmental Information by Location Health Land, Waste, and Cleanup Lead Mold Radon Research Science Topics Water Topics A-Z Topic Index Laws &amp; Regulations Laws &amp; Regulations By Business Sector By Topic Compliance Enforcement Guidance Laws and Executive Orders Regulations Report a Violation Report a Violation Environmental Violations Fraud, Waste or Abuse About EPA About EPA Our Mission and What We Do Headquarters Offices Regional Offices Labs and Research Centers Planning, Budget, and Results Organization Chart EPA History U.S. Environmental Protection Agency Administrator Zeldin Announces Single Largest Deregulatory Action in US History EPA&nbsp;saves American taxpayers over $1.3 trillion with the rescission of&nbsp;the Obama-era 2009 Greenhouse Gas&nbsp;(GHG)&nbsp;Endangerment Finding and all&nbsp;subsequent&nbsp;federal GHG emission standards for motor vehicles and engines. Read the news release 500 Environmental Accomplishments by Trump EPA The Trump Administration has wasted no time delivering results to protect our environment. In the first year of the Trump Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency has made major strides to safeguard human health and the environment, ensuring clean air, land, and water for every American. Discover EPA&#039;s Accomplishments U.S. and Mexico Reach Agreement to Permanently End Tijuana River Sewage Crisis Administrator Zeldin signed a Memorandum of Understanding with Mexico to urgently solve the decades-long Tijuana River sewage crisis. Read more about the MOU Powering the Great American Comeback This initiative will guide EPA’s work to protect public health and the environment while restoring the greatness of the American economy for the first 100 days and beyond.&nbsp; Read the news release 1 2 3 4 Careers at EPA From remediating contaminated sites to ensuring clean drinking water, what happens here improves human health and the environment for all Americans. Learn more about Careers at EPA Applying for EPA Grants Discover EPA-hosted webinars to learn how to apply for, or manage an EPA grant. Register to attend an EPA grant webinar Drinking Water Resources Learn how water gets to your drinking water tap every day, the different types of public water systems, and other basic information about drinking water safety. Explore drinking water resources EPA News Releases Read the latest news from EPA. EPA Adds Gelman Sciences Inc. in Ann Arbor, Michigan, to the Superfund National Priorities List EPA to Review Cleanups at Four Illinois Superfund Sites This Year EPA to Review Cleanups at Nine Indiana Superfund Sites This Year Search all news releases Send a Request for Technical Support to ask a question, provide feedback, or report a problem. Last updated on February 12, 2026 Assistance Spanish Arabic Chinese (simplified) Chinese (traditional) French Haitian Creole Korean Portuguese Russian Tagalog Vietnamese Discover. Accessibility Statement EPA Administrator Budget &amp; Performance Contracting EPA www Web Snapshot Grants No FEAR Act Data Plain Writing Privacy and Security Notice Connect. Data Inspector General Jobs Newsroom Regulations.gov Subscribe USA.gov White House Ask. Contact EPA EPA Disclaimers Hotlines FOIA Requests Frequent Questions Site Feedback Follow.