Register of Deeds | Wake County Government Skip to main content Wake County, NC Living &amp; Visiting Children &amp; Family Services Cities &amp; Towns Find Housing Get Emergency Notifications Libraries Look Up Restaurant Sanitation Scores Voter Registration Connect to Services Data &amp; Research Library Initiatives in Action Doing Business Business Resources Find Planning &amp; Zoning Info Local &amp; State Permits MWBE Business Resources Municipal Requirements Starting a Business State License Information &amp; Federal Referrals Vendor &amp; MWBE FAQ Wake County Tax Information Departments &amp; Government Strategic Plan 86it Anti-Litter Campaign Advisory Boards Behavioral Health Comprehensive Planning Continuum of Care Employee Benefits Food Security Program Job Titles &amp; Salary Structure Language Access &amp; Support NC Cooperative Extension – Wake County Center Onsite Water Protection Permits &amp; Inspections Public Health Social Services What We Do Animal Services Board of Commissioners Core Values Board of Elections Budget &amp; Management Services Wake County Bureau of Forensic Services Communications Office Community Services County Attorney Office County Manager&#039;s Office Emergency Medical Services (EMS) Facilities Design &amp; Construction Finance Fire Services &amp; Emergency Management General Services Administration Geographic Information Services (GIS) Housing Affordability &amp; Community Revitalization Health &amp; Human Services Information Technology Libraries Parks, Recreation &amp; Open Space Planning &amp; Development Services Register of Deeds Sheriff&#039;s Office Soil &amp; Water Conservation Tax Administration Veterans Services Solid Waste Management Watershed Management News Events Search Menu Close Translate | Careers Register of Deeds Wake County Register of Deeds Tammy L. Brunner *** We officially launched our new Land Records software on Monday, April 21. *** Register of Deeds Land Records Access Training Session - Recording and Transcript - Click to replay The Register of Deeds Office serves as custodian and manager of a large number of public records, including deeds, deeds of trust, and subdivision plats. The Register of Deeds Office issues marriage licenses and supplies copies of birth and death certificates in Wake County. The General Statutes of North Carolina govern the Register of Deeds Office which has the responsibility of protecting the integrity, completeness, accuracy and safekeeping of these public records. CONSUMER ALERT:&nbsp; &nbsp;Avoid paying unnecessary fees for official property documents. Birth, Marriage or Death Certificates Passports Enslaved Persons Project Vital Records Recording &amp; Real Estate Notary Racially Restrictive Covenants Project Sign up for Real Estate Reports Search Real Estate Records Search records online using the Wake County Consolidated Real Property Index. Apply for a Marriage License Submit your Marriage License application. Fraud Alert Wake County Register of Deeds can provide an&nbsp;email notification&nbsp;when a&nbsp;monitored name is recorded on a document. Business Name Resources The Register of Deeds handles filings of business names. FAQ/Help Review FAQs, document and recording fees, download forms and link to other Wake County and North Carolina agencies. Office Hours/Directions ROD Office Information The Register of Deeds serves as the custodian and manager of a wide range of public records. These records include real estate transactions, birth and death certificates, marriage licenses, notary public oaths, DD214s, and more. At the Wake County Register of Deeds, our mission is to record, preserve, and provide access to these records as efficiently as possible. Our staff is fully committed to delivering courteous, helpful, and professional service to every customer. I am honored to serve as the Wake County Register of Deeds and appreciate the trust you have placed in me. Please contact our office with any questions or needs you may have. Tammy L. Brunner News All Register of Deeds News ﻿February﻿ ﻿2026﻿&#039;s Median Price of Wake County Real Estate ﻿remained unchanged from last month at $450,000 March 4, 2026 Register of Deeds January﻿ ﻿2026﻿&#039;s Median Price of Wake County Real Estate ﻿decreased﻿ by ﻿$5000﻿ to ﻿$450,000 February 4, 2026 Register of Deeds Wake County Register of Deeds will be closed on Monday, January 19, 2026 to observe Martin Luther King Jr. Day. January 14, 2026 Register of Deeds Wake County Register of Deeds donates C.L. Mann maps to NC State University January 6, 2026 Register of Deeds Register of Deeds Office Hours and Location Hours of Operation Monday–Friday, 8:30 a.m.–5:00 p.m. 919-856-5460 rodinfo@wake.gov Wake County Justice Center 300 S. Salisbury St., Suite 1700 Raleigh, NC 27601 &nbsp; Footer Menu (First Column) Core Values Living &amp; Visiting Doing Business News Events Employee Access Footer Menu (Second Column) About Wake County Public Records Explore the Libraries Books &amp; More Strategic Plan Transparency Portal Facebook X Instagram YouTube LinkedIn Footer Utilities Menu Disclaimers Accessibility Site Help Copyright &copy; 2026. All rights reserved. section of webpage -->