Homepage | NC DPS Skip to main content New Website for State Highway Patrol and State Capitol Police Visit the new site at ncshp.gov Go Now An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy . Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Utility Menu NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS SERVICES Main menu Our Organization Our Organization Alcohol Law Enforcement Emergency Management Homeland Security Juvenile Justice North Carolina National Guard Office of Recovery &amp; Resiliency DPS Services DPS Services Juvenile Justice Service Directory Law Enforcement Support Services Office of Victim Compensation Services Permits &amp; Licenses Recursos en español Responder Assistance Initiative Safety Tips Samarcand Training Academy Careers Careers Alcohol Law Enforcement Emergency Management Juvenile Justice Careers NCDPS Internships NCDPS Career Interest Form About DPS About DPS Office of the Secretary Boards and Commissions Administrative Rules Current Initiatives News News News Conferences Press Releases Media Contacts Blog: DPS Dispatch In Case You Missed It Calendar of Events Contact Us Contact Us Directory Frequently Called Phone Numbers Public Records Request Report Fraud, Waste or Abuse Send Email Utility Menu NC.GOV AGENCIES JOBS SERVICES Search Homepage Enhancing Communities. Building Trust. The North Carolina Department of Public Safety is comprised of approximately 3,000 employees, along with around 10,000 North Carolina National Guard soldiers and airmen. Through effective law enforcement, juvenile justice programs, emergency response and recovery and homeland security preparedness, DPS employees help to ensure North Carolina is a safe place to live, work and visit. Press Releases Latest News from DPS March 4, 2026 NC Emergency Management and Buncombe County Host Kick-Off Meeting for Awarded Properties Seeking Hazard Mitigation Acquisition On March 4, officials from North Carolina Emergency Management&nbsp;and Buncombe County&nbsp;government&nbsp;hosted a kick-off meeting&nbsp;for&nbsp;owners of the&nbsp;47&nbsp;Buncombe&nbsp;properties&nbsp;that&nbsp;were recently&nbsp;approved by FEMA to begin the&nbsp;hazard mitigation grant program&nbsp;acquisition process. Read Full Press Release Press Releases Latest News from DPS Article Date February 26, 2026 Temporary Restraining Order Issued in Elizabeth City Nuisance Case Article Date February 20, 2026 Deadline Approaching for Helene Private Road and Bridge Partial Reimbursement A… View all press releases Top DPS Stories Severe Weather Preparedness Week 2026 The North Carolina Department of Public Safety&#039;s Division of Emergency Management is providing tips every day the week of March 1, 2026, to ensure you, your family and friends are prepared for hazardous weather. ‘The Stars Aligned’: From Internship to Career in Juvenile Justice Former NCDPS intern Kaylee Market followed her internship with a full-time position in the department. Listen to the Latest Safety Scoop Podcast Known as “the eyes and ears for emergency response teams,” the 24-Hour Watch serves as an information and communications hub for incidents. In this Safety Scoop episode, Amanda Winans shares what it’s like working day to day as a watch analyst. Our Mission: Safeguard and preserve the lives and property of the people of North Carolina. &nbsp; Vision Statement: To proactively address today's challenges and remain vigilant for tomorrow's risks in the pursuit of a safe, resilient North Carolina. Learn More About the Department DPS Services Resources Juvenile Justice Service Directory ReadyNC.gov Safety Tips NC S.A.F.E. (Secure All Firearms Effectively) Programs Victim Compensation Services Raise The Age Grants Permits &amp; Licenses Office of Violence Prevention Connect Frequently Called Numbers Work for DPS Job Fairs Upcoming Events Public Records Request Contact Physical Address:&nbsp; 512 North Salisbury Street, Raleigh &nbsp; Mailing Address: 4201 Mail Service Center,&nbsp; Raleigh , NC 27699-4201 919-710-8885 Send an email Follow Us Network Menu Employee Directory nc.gov Website Feedback Accessibility Disclaimer &amp; Terms of Use Privacy Policy Open Budget Hosted on Digital Commons