Home Page | NC DOI Skip to main content Changes to the Rating of Automobile Insurance Policies North Carolina residents need to be aware of changes to the rating of automobile insurance poli Learn about changes that may affect our premiums ATTN PRODUCERS AND CONSUMERS RE: NPN Override for Marketplace Plan Enrollment and Plan Changes NCDOI Advisory Memo relating to NPN Override for Marketplace Plan Enrollment Read memo Previous Pause Play Next An official website of the State of North Carolina An official website of NC How you know State Government websites value user privacy. To learn more, view our full privacy policy . Secure websites use HTTPS certificates. A lock icon or https:// means you’ve safely connected to the official website. Utility Menu ABOUT NEWS CONTACT CAREERS NC.GOV Main menu Consumers Assistance/Complaints Insurance Industry Licensees Fraud Control About DOI Utility Menu ABOUT NEWS CONTACT CAREERS NC.GOV Search home-page-4 Commissioner of Insurance Mike Causey Commissioner Mike Causey’s goal as commissioner is to fight for more competition in the industry and to combat insurance fraud to drive rates lower for the North Carolina consumer. Learn more about Commissioner Causey Commissioner Causey sets up 2026 WebEx flood insurance conferences Free continuing education credit offered for insurance agents, adjusters, real estate agents, engineers, architects, and land surveyors. Register for continuing education today NC Catastrophe Adjuster Certification This catastrophic course will familiarize adjusters with North Carolina key issues and challenges that may affect coverage and how to address them to achieve the best coverage solution for the North Carolina consumers. Register and take the course We&#039;re Social Follow us on all of our socials for the latest updates and career opportunities. Follow our socials Lost Life Insurance Policy Locator Do you suspect a loved one had a life insurance policy but you can&#039;t locate it? We can help... Policy locator Getting help is easy... File a complaint or get assistance Locate a lost life insurance policy Health claim denied? We can help. Suspect insurance fraud? Report it. Questions about insurance? Insurance can be confusing. One of our most important jobs is to help educate North Carolinians about insurance-related issues or Medicare issues so you can make informed decisions for you and your family. If you have questions about insurance, we can help. Call 855-408-1212 (toll free) Insurance-related Questions Medicare Questions MIKE CAUSEY |&nbsp; Commissioner of Insurance &nbsp; Seniors&#039; Health Insurance Information Program (SHIIP) Criminal Insurance Investigation Report Insurance Fraud MyDOI, NCDOI&#039;s First Mobile App Download using the QR code above. In a Disaster North Carolina is at a high risk for a variety of natural disasters, including hurricanes, tornadoes, winter storms, floods, wildfires, earthquakes, and mudslides.&nbsp;The North Carolina Department of Insurance encourages proper planning so that citizens are in a better position to protect their families and&nbsp;to recover from a natural disaster. Are you prepared? How Do I... Assistance or File a Complaint Health Insurance Claim Denied? Report Insurance Fraud Check Company License Status Check Agent License Status Locate a Lost Life Insurance Policy Check Bail Bondsman License Status Download Our Mobile App Bulletins Become an Insurance Agent or Adjuster Find Licensing Actions File a Service of Legal Process with the Commissioner of Insurance About Us Department of Insurance Commissioner Mike Causey Leadership Team Our Mission and Vision Follow Us on Social Media 2026 Total Savings and Recoveries to Consumers $ 0 M Savings from Consumer Complaints, SHIIP and Smart NC $ 0 M Recoveries from Lost Life Insurance Policies $ 0 M Insurance Fraud Recoveries News &amp; Events Press Releases View Embed Monday, March 09, 2026 N.C. captive insurance industry marks another strong year Thursday, March 05, 2026 Edgecombe County man charged with insurance fraud Wednesday, March 04, 2026 Randolph County insurance agent charged with embezzlement, forgery more press releases Newsletters View Embed Friday, October 17, 2025 NC Department of Insurance Newsletter - October 2025 Friday, May 02, 2025 NC Department of Insurance Newsletter - May 2025 Tuesday, October 01, 2024 NC Department of Insurance Newsletter - September 2024 Events View Embed Fri, Mar 13 2026, 10am - 1pm Shred Event &amp; Medicine Drop - Greenville, NC Sat, Mar 14 2026, 3 - 4pm Medicare 101 Class - Asheville, NC Tue, Mar 17 2026, 10am - 12pm Fraud Scam Event - Waynesville, NC - Haywood County more events Contact Us North Carolina Department of Insurance Physical Address: 3200 Beechleaf Court Raleigh NC 27604 Mailing Address: NC Department of Insurance 1201 Mail Service Center Raleigh NC 27699-1201 Toll Free 855-408-1212 Agent Services: 919-807-6800 Contact NCDOI Employee Directory Careers at NCDOI Calendar Follow Us on Facebook Follow Us Network Menu nc.gov Website Feedback Accessibility Disclaimer &amp; Terms of Use Privacy Policy Open Budget Hosted on Digital Commons