Topic no. 701, Sale of your home | Internal Revenue Service Skip to main content An official website of the United States government Here's how you know Here's how you know Official websites use .gov A .gov website belongs to an official government organization in the United States. Secure .gov websites use HTTPS A lock ( ) or https:// means you've safely connected to the .gov website. Share sensitive information only on official, secure websites. English Español 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) 한국어 Русский Tiếng Việt Kreyòl ayisyen Information Menu Help News Tax Pros Sign in Individual Business Tax Pro Access your tax information with an IRS account. Refunds Payments Tax records Create account Search Sign in Individual Business Tax Pro Access your tax information with an IRS account. Refunds Payments Tax records Create account Menu Search Include Historical Content - Any - No Include Historical Content - Any - No Search Main navigation File Overview INFORMATION FOR… Individuals Business and self-employed Charities and nonprofits International filers Retirement Governments and tax-exempt bonds Indian Tribal Governments FILING FOR INDIVIDUALS How to file When to file Where to file Update your information POPULAR Tax record (transcript) Apply for an Employer ID Number (EIN) Amend return Identity Protection PIN (IP PIN) Pay Overview PAY BY Bank Account (Direct Pay) Payment Plan (Installment Agreement) Electronic Federal Tax Payment System (EFTPS) POPULAR Your Online Account Tax Withholding Estimator Estimated Taxes Penalties Refunds Overview About refunds Direct deposit Reduced refunds Where’s my amended return? Credits & Deductions Overview INFORMATION FOR... Individuals For you and your family Businesses & Self-Employed Standard mileage and other information POPULAR Earned Income Credit (EITC) Child Tax Credit Clean Energy and Vehicle Credits Standard Deduction Retirement Plans Forms Overview POPULAR FORMS & INSTRUCTIONS Form 1040 Individual Income Tax Return Form 1040 Instructions Instructions for Form 1040 Form W-9 Request for Taxpayer Identification Number (TIN) and Certification Form 4506-T Request for Transcript of Tax Return Form W-4 Employee&#039;s Withholding Certificate Form 941 Employer&#039;s Quarterly Federal Tax Return Form W-2 Wage and Tax Statement Form 9465 Installment Agreement Request POPULAR FOR TAX PROS Form 1040-X Amended Individual Income Tax Return Form 2848 Power of Attorney Form W-7 Apply for an ITIN Circular 230 Regulations Governing Practice before the IRS Report Fraud Overview Tax fraud and scams Identity theft Fake IRS email or message Tax return preparer Search Include Historical Content - Any - No Include Historical Content - Any - No Search Information Menu Help News Tax Pros Sign in Individual Business Tax Pro Access your tax information with an IRS account. Refunds Payments Tax records Create account File Overview INFORMATION FOR… Individuals Business and self-employed Charities and nonprofits International filers Retirement Governments and tax-exempt bonds Indian Tribal Governments FILING FOR INDIVIDUALS How to file When to file Where to file Update your information POPULAR Tax record (transcript) Apply for an Employer ID Number (EIN) Amend return Identity Protection PIN (IP PIN) Pay Overview PAY BY Bank Account (Direct Pay) Payment Plan (Installment Agreement) Electronic Federal Tax Payment System (EFTPS) POPULAR Your Online Account Tax Withholding Estimator Estimated Taxes Penalties Refunds Overview About refunds Direct deposit Reduced refunds Where’s my amended return? Credits &amp; Deductions Overview INFORMATION FOR... Individuals Businesses &amp; Self-Employed POPULAR Earned Income Credit (EITC) Child Tax Credit Clean Energy and Vehicle Credits Standard Deduction Retirement Plans Forms Overview POPULAR FORMS &amp; INSTRUCTIONS Form 1040 Form 1040 Instructions Form W-9 Form 4506-T Form W-4 Form 941 Form W-2 Form 9465 POPULAR FOR TAX PROS Form 1040-X Form 2848 Form W-7 Circular 230 Report Fraud Overview Tax fraud and scams Identity theft Fake IRS email or message Tax return preparer Main navigation File Pay Refunds Credits &amp; Deductions Forms &amp; Instructions Info Menu Mobile Charities &amp; Nonprofits Help News Tax Pros Home Help Tax topics Topic no. 701, Sale of your home Topic no. 701, Sale of your home English Español 中文 (繁體) 한국어 Русский Tiếng Việt More In Help Interactive Tax Assistant Tools Report fraud Tax scams Identity theft Notices and letters Appeals Frequently asked questions Accessibility Contact your local IRS office Contact an international IRS office Tax topics Other languages The $250,000/$500,000 home sale tax exclusion - If you have a capital gain from the sale of your main home, you may qualify to exclude up to $250,000 of that gain from your income, or up to $500,000 of that gain if you file a joint return with your spouse. Publication 523, Selling Your Home provides rules and worksheets. Topic no. 409 covers general capital gain and loss information. Qualifying for the exclusion In general, to qualify for this exclusion, you must meet both the ownership test and the use test. If you are filing jointly with your spouse, either you or your spouse must meet the ownership test while both you and your spouse must meet the use test individually. If you or your spouse owned the home for at least 24 months (2 years) out of the last 5 years leading up to the date of the sale, you meet the ownership test. If you and your spouse owned the home and used it as a residence for at least 24 months (2 years) of the previous 5 years, you meet the use test. You can meet the ownership and use tests during different 2-year periods. However, you must meet both tests during the 5-year period ending on the date of the sale. Generally, you're not eligible for the exclusion if you excluded the gain from the sale of another home during the two-year period prior to the sale of your home. Refer to Publication 523 for the complete eligibility requirements, limitations on the exclusion amount, and exceptions to the two-year rule. Reporting the sale If you receive an informational income-reporting document such as Form 1099-S, Proceeds From Real Estate Transactions , you must report the sale of the home even if the gain from the sale is excludable. Additionally, you must report the sale of the home if you can't exclude all of your capital gain from income. Use Schedule D (Form 1040), Capital Gains and Losses and Form 8949, Sales and Other Dispositions of Capital Assets when required to report the home sale. Refer to Publication 523 for the rules on reporting your sale on your income tax return. Suspension of the five-year test period If you or your spouse are on qualified official extended duty in the Uniformed Services, the Foreign Service or the intelligence community, you may elect to suspend the five-year test period for up to 10 years. You are on qualified official extended duty if for more than 90 days or for an indefinite period, you are: At a duty station that's at least 50 miles from your main home, or Residing under government orders in government housing. Refer to Publication 523 for more information about special rules to suspend the 5-year test. Installment sales If you sold your home under a contract that provides for all or part of the selling price to be paid in a later year, you made an installment sale. If you have an installment sale, report the sale under the installment method unless you elect out. Even if you use the installment method to defer some of the gain, the exclusion of gain on the sale of your home remains available. Refer to Publication 537, Installment Sales , Form 6252, Installment Sale Income , and Topic no. 705, Installment sales , for more information on installment sales. Page Last Reviewed or Updated: 22-Jan-2026 Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Print Footer Navigation Our Agency About IRS Careers Operations and Budget Tax Statistics Help Find a Local Office Know Your Rights Taxpayer Bill of Rights Taxpayer Advocate Service Independent Office of Appeals Civil Rights FOIA No FEAR Act Data Reliance on Guidance Resolve an Issue IRS Notices and Letters Identity Theft Tax scams Tax Fraud Criminal Investigation Whistleblower Office Languages Español 中文 (简体) 中文 (繁體) 한국어 Pусский Tiếng Việt Kreyòl ayisyen English Related Sites U.S. Treasury Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration USA.gov USAspending.gov Vote.gov Subfooter Privacy Policy Accessibility